
BBC news with Jonathan Izad.
Republicans are stepping up campaigning for the US presidential election as polls suggest a tighter race unanticipated. Donald Trump's former Republican rival,senator Ted Cruz,rallied supporters in the state of Iowa. Mr.Trump's wife Melania and his daughter Ivanca have also been speaking on his behalf. In north Carolina,Democratic candidate,Hilary Clinton,called on the crowd to imagine life under a Trump Presidency. Presidnet Obama has been urging young voters in Florida to rally to the Democratic cause.
The Paris Agreement on climate change has come into force,obliging government to keep the global temperature no higher than 2 degree celcies above pre-industrial levels. Scientists say the world will need to cut greenhouse gas emissions by as much as 14 billion tons by 2030 to meet the target.
Autumn rains in northern California have helped pull about a quarter of the state out of its worst ever drought. Parts of northern California saw rainfall three times or more above normal.The drought though remained serious in central and southern California.
The leaders of Turkey's pro-Kurdish HDP Party have been detained along with at least five fellow MPs. Reports say police raided houses of Selahattin Demirtas and Figen Yuksekdag as part of an anti-tererrist investigations.
The president of the European Commission Jean-Claude Juncker will on Friday discuss with the British Prime Minister possible delays to Britain's plans to leave the EU. It follows a High Court's ruling that the parliament must approve the country's withdrawal.
Prosecutors in Des Moines in the US state of Iowa have charged the man suspected of killing 2 police officers with first degree murder. Sgt. Anthony Beminio and Officer Justin Martin were shot dead in 2 separate attacks while they sat in their patrol cars.
A scientific study has found that smoking 20 cigarettes a day for a year creates up to 250 genetic mutations in every cell in the lungs. Researchers analyzed more than 5,000 cancer tumors.
BBC news.
