
Shareholders of the London-based brewing giant SABMiller have approved a takeover by its rival Anheuser-Busch InBev in a deal worth more than 100 billion dollars. The merger already approved by AB InBev shareholders will create the world’s biggest brewing company producing almost a third of the world’s beer. Here is our economics correspondent Andrew Walker.
AB InBev is already the world’s biggest brewer. And this deal, worth about 100 billion dollars will see it taking more than a quarter of the global market. The company had to agree to sell some of the SABMiller brands including Grolsch and Peroni at the insistence of regulators concerned about the implications for competition of these two giants coming together.
Getting into a good college or university is the dream of many students and their parents around the world. And competition for the best places is intense. How much harder is it though to get into colleges in the country with the most students in the world? India has 315 million of them.
I come to the Modern High Girls School in Calcutta. The students are all busy studying away in their classrooms. This school has the best academic results in this city and parents are desperate to get their daughters into it. Getting into higher education in India is now very difficult.
It’s a question of supply and demand. You don’t have that many very good colleges and universities, and there’s so much competition that students feel that unless they perform well, they don’t get the chance.
To get into a good college, what sort of marks are we looking at?
Now, it’s so hard to believe. They are looking for even 100% in some subjects. So it is becoming very difficult.
It’s physics that’s being taught in this class. 94% is not gonna get you into a good college.
94% you know out of 100 is just not enough to get into, you know, the colleges of India.
You don’t sound very stressed. You look very cheerful. I mean…
I think it’s just practice because I think we just have to keep it together because we don’t have any other option.
The increasing academic pressure on children here in India has led to how serious of films on the subject. In this one, students compare their lives to living in a pressure cooker.
