Do you have one of these in you house?
I can play music, answer questions, get the news on weather, create to-do-lists and much more.
What time is it?
The time is 3:27.
You actually don't have to yell at it. Okay. It uses far-field technology so it can hear you from anywhere in the room.
So it can just hear you anywhere?
Yes. Well, anyone can hear you anyway.
That was an advertisement for the Aamzon Echo smart speaker which has been at the centre of a legal case in the US. Echo is a voice controlled device and officials in the state of Arkansas issued a warrant asking Amazon to turn over recordings which they thought might help them solve a murder. The company declined. The BBC technology unit told me more.
What happened was a gentleman by the name of James Bates called the police, having said he'd found the body of a friend Victor Collins face down in water. The investigation that followed suggested that this was actually murder rather than an accident and as part of their investigation detectives wanted to know whether Amazon Echo, this is Amazon's smart speaker may have picked up some voice commands around the time of the murder that might have been able to help them pinpoint what went on.
Is it possible that it has that kind of data on it?
Well, the way Amazon Echo works is it's triggered by a voice command which means it's got be listening all the time to know when a voice command happens. It sends the data back to Amazon's computer servers which process and then tell the device how it should reply to you or other devices it should speak to. Certainly we know the way it works. Those voice commands would be stored on Amazon's servers. If you have one of these things, you have the possibility of actually listening back to everything that you said as well as having the right to delete it. The question was what was actually on the device because what happened here is Amazon said no we are not gonna give you the data and the police say they eventually managed to get what they needed off the device. Amazon told me those voice commands would not be recorded on the device. It's not exactly clear what the police got off it. Tellingly, what... the piece of evidence came from another piece of smart home kit that made them believe that this gentleman James Bates had actually committed the murder himself. That was from a smart water meter. It's suggested that gallons and gallons of water had been used during the early hours of the morning when the murder, the alleged murder occurred. And they think that that was Mr. Bates hosing down the area to get rid of the evidence. 
Does this case have any wider implications?
Well, it continues to show this kind of battle. You might remember there was a huge battle between the FBI and Apple over iPhone.
