
BBC news with Jonathon Izard.
The White House has said it will neither defend nor criticize the decision by the FBI to inform Congress of a new investiagtion into Hillary Clinton's emails. The FBI said last week that it had discovered new emails that might involve the Democratic candidate and would determine whether they contained any classified information.
Advancing Iraqi troops are now only about one kilometer from the edge of Mosul, the last big city in the country still held by Islamic State militants. A BBC correspondent travelling with their armed columne said it was targeted repeatdely by IS suicide bombers driving vehicles packed with explosives.
Italian officials have estimated that they will cost around nine billion dollars to rebuild the towns and villages in central Italy wrecked by Sunday's earthquake. Speaking after a meeting with ministers and regional leaders, the prime minister, Matteo Renzi, said shipping containers will be used as temporary accommodation while repairs were carried out.
Police in Pakistan are trying to stop thousands of supporters of the opposition politician and former cricketer Imran Khan from taking part in a huge anti-government rally in Islamabad. The police fired tear gas at thousands of activists on the main road 80 kilometers outside the city in the * province which Mr.Khan's party controls.
Aid workers in Yemen say a cholera outbreak is worsening.The UN's emergency relief coordinator Stephen O’Brien said there were now 61 confirmed cases and more than 1700 suspected cases accross ten districts. There have been four recorded death but the real figure is believed to be much higher.
Four Indonisan sailers who were held hostages in Somalia for nearly five years have been reunited with their families. One said they were still scared and traumatized and could hardly believed they were free.
The Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg who is credited with helping tens of thousands of Hungarian Jews to escape the holocaust has been pronounced dead 71 years after he disappeared. Sweden said the decision was made after an application from his family.
BBC news.
