10 men in Chile who are serving long jail sentences for human rights abuses during the dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet have asked for forgiveness at a special Christmas Mass held inside their jail. As our correspondent in Santiago Gideon Long reports, the event has triggered anger among relatives of people who were tortured and killed during General Pinochet's 17-year rule during the 1970s and 80s.
Fernando Montes, a well-known catholic priest who led the service spoke to journalists outside the jail.
None of the men who I heard ask for their sentences to be reduced. None of the men who I heard ask for an amnesty. They ask for forgiveness and I am a witness to that. Perhaps from today, those people who have information about what happened can come forward with it, and in that way, help bring about justice.
But human rights campaigners dismiss the event as a cynical empty gesture designed solely to secure an early release from jail. They said that if the men were truly repentant, they would review where the bodies of some of their victims are buried. One protester said he could never forgive.
They have committed crimes which I think in other countries they would give them the lethal injection or the electric chair. They murdered people. They shot at them. They raped them. They tortured them. My aunt herself was tortured meanwhile she was pregnant. So what do they care about us? Did they care about us when they're torturing us?
The 10 men included senior figures from the Pinochet regime. The regime killed around 3000 opponents during the 1970s and 1980s. Thousands more were tortured and driven into exile. Four decades on, the bodies of some of the victims have still never been found. Gideon Long in Santiago.
Here in Britain the identity of the coveted Christmas No. 1 single has been announced. Rockabye by Clean Bandit is about a single mother's struggle to survive. It's also the first Christmas No. 1 not to have been the week's best selling single. That was Rag'n' Bone Man's Human. Clean Bandit overtook it because audio streaming sales are counted. Here is our entertainment correspondent Colin Paterson.
This year's Christmas No. 1 was released back in October and was never intended to be a festive chart topper. Clean Bandit's Rockabye.
