
It’s been provided for us or indeed inflicted on us for years now, music seems to be everywhere, in crowded lifts, in shopping centers, on the phone, but so far, it hasn’t always accompanied the bing bong announcements to be found in the arrivals and departure terminals of British airports. Well it seems that’s now changing.
Our correspondent Sarah Campbell has been to City Airport in London to find out whether passengers are finding the experience harmonious or horrendous.
As shoes are removed, toes are visibly tapping to the sound of Adele. The airport now has a sound track for security area with 500 specially chosen songs on the playlist. Billy Shallow whose job is to improve the experiences of passengers says finding the right music has been a challenge.
So what difference can a certain song make? Airport staff consulted a music psychologist from the University of Sheffield, Dr. Stephanie Bramley.
It might act as a positive distraction so it might distract us from when we are waiting to be searched. It might actually also make us feel a little bit calm or relaxed just when we are going through the process of being searched in a security environment.
Background music can be an irritation to some, but passengers today were overwhelmingly in favour.
I do like it. It’s very calming.
It creates a very nice sort of ambiance as you come through the security system.
And people will soon be able to go online and pick the music they prefer to queue to.
Sarah Campbell reporting from City Airport.
The Indian government has put forward plans to ban commercial surrogacy, the practice of onewoman bearing a baby for others. If approved by parliament, the law will also block foreigners, people of Indian origin, single parents and homosexuals from having children in India through surrogacy. Infertility groups have criticized the proposed law saying it could lead toan illegal surrogacy industry.
For years, civil society groups have been calling for a total ban on commercial surrogacy because they argue that the system has been misused. For example, the women, they don’t getenough money will rent their wombs. And number two, if the child is born like disabled or you know, handicapped with some deformity, what happens to the child, do they leave the child back in India or they take those children with them, these foreigners who come to India?
