
BBC News with Jonathan Izard.
The US Secretary of State John Kerry has told his Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov that Washington will suspend all contact with Moscow over Syria if Russia does not take immediate action to end the assault on Aleppo. In a phone call with Mr. Lavrov, Mr. Kerry said the US held Russia responsible for situations there including the use of incendiary and bunker bombs.
The US Congress has voted overwhelmingly to reject President Obama's veto of the bill that allows relatives of the victims of the 911 attacks to sue Saudi Arabia. It's the first time in his ten years that Mr. Obama's veto has been overridden. Relatives of the victims of the 911 want to sue Saudi Arabia over the alleged backing of the hijackers. Mr. Obama had argued that it will damage relations with Saudi Arabia.
Chinese police has been ordered to videotape all interactions with criminal suspects and witnesses in a bid to prevent false confessions. The new regulations also make law enforcement officers personally accountable throughout their lifetimes for the cases they handle.
The leader of Spain's main opposition socialist party Pedro Sanchez has lost the support of his executives with 17 of them resigning at his refusal to end more than nine months of political stalemate. It leads in without an eternal majority.
The sixteen-year-old schoolgirl from South Africa has won the grand prize at Google Science Fair for making a super absorbent material from orange peels. Kiara Nirghin's invention help soil retain water. She said she was motivated by the desire to help farmers who have been hit hard by South Africa's worst draught in decades.
The head of regional government in Catlonia said he would call a referendum on the province's independence from Spain in September next year with or without the central government's consent.
And the global trade in a highly endangered species of mammal, the Pangolin has been banned by the United Nations. It may fear it's about to become extinct. Pangolin found both in both Africa and Asia, a price for their scales which used in Chinese medicine.
BBC News.
