
BBC news with Johnson Izard.
Rebel-held districts of the Syrian city of Aleppo have been pounded by warplanes for a second successive day. The latest raids came hours after the Syrian government announced a new offesive to retake the city. One rescue volunteer described what was happening as alienation. The government urged civilains to avoid positions held by oppostion fighters and said exit points would be opened to allow people to flee.The United States and Russia have again failed to agree on how to arrive ceasefire agreement in Syria. The UN envoy for Syria,Staffan de Mistura, described the international meeting in New York as long, painful and disappointing.
A curfew has come into force in the US city of Charlotte to prevent a third night of violent unrest over the death of a black men who was shot by police. Demonstrations continued well after the midnight deadline. But police officers said the protests were largely peaceful.
The president of Myanmar,Htin Kyaw，has ordered state protection for two teenage girls who were allegedly tortured and forced to work without pay. He's also launched an investigation and the combat for the country's human right commission which failed to take legal action against the alledged abuses.
European Union ministers are meeting in Slovenia's capital, Ljubljana to discuss controvertial proposed trade deals with the United States and Canada. The transatlantic trade and investment partnership with the United States, known as TTIP and the comprehensive economic and trade agreement with Canada are facing growing opposition.
The internet gaint Yahoo is under pressure to explain why it appeared to have taken 2 years to notice that 500 millions of its users' accounts have been hacked. The company says it believes state-sponsored hackers were responsible.
And rescue workers in Moscow have found the bodies of 8 firefighters in the remains of a large warehouse used for storing plastic goods that caused a fire later on Thursday. The victims are thought to have been conducting a search inside the building when its roof collapsed.
BBC news.
