
BBC news with Jonathan Izard.
The French interior minister Bernard Cazeneuve says three women have been detained on suspicion of planning imminent terror attacks after a car packed with gas canisters was found in central Paris. He said the women had been radicalized.
Brazilian police said they want to speak to the president of the International Olympic Committee, Thomas Bach, in connection with an alleged illegal ticketing scheme during last month's Rio Games. The police say he's being treated as a witness not a suspect.
More than 70 Syrian aid agencies have accused UN organizations of allowing themselves to be manipulated by president Bashar al-Assad's government. They are demanding an investigation into the extent of the government's influence over the Damascus-based UN network.
Reports say a senior commander of one of the most powerful Islamist rebel groups in Syria has been killed in an airstrike. The Jabhat Fateh al-Sham group, previously known as the Nusra Front, said the commander was killed in Aleppo.
The Pentagon has revealed that US forces in Afghanistan carried out a failed attempt to rescue two hostages last months. The spokesman said a number of hostile forces were killed, but the hostages were not at the location.
50 people are spending the night stranded inside cable cars at an altitude of more than 3,000 meters over the Mont Blanc massif in the Alps. More than 100 people were initially trapped, but 60 have been evacuated by helicopter.
A study into the genetic make-up of giraffes has discovered there are four distinct species. DNA analyses in Namibia found the four groups have not crossbred for million of years and therefore evolved into distinct species.
The Ethiopian athlete Feyisa Lilesa has arrived in the United States, weeks after he made a gesture against his government as he crossed the line to win silver in the men's marathon at last month's Olympics. After his gesture made headlines, Feyisa, an ethnic Oromo, said he will prefer to seek asylum in the US as he feared being killed or imprisoned if he returned to Ethiopia.
BBC news.
