It's been reviewed that a one-month old baby boy has become the youngest lung donor in the UK. The parents of Theodore Omondi released the details saying they were proud that their son's organs had helped to save the lives of two other people. One of the recipients was a five-month old baby girl, the other a young adult, as our reporter Ben explains.
Theodore Omondi or Theo as he was known died after a sudden illness when he was just 41 days old. His parents asked if his organs could be donated to help others. Imogen Bolton, a five-month old baby girl received both of Theo's lungs in a seven-hour operation at Great Ormond Street Hospital in London. Imogen became Britain's youngest double-lung transplant patient with organs form Britain's youngest lung donor. His kidneys were also donated. They went to a young adult waiting for suitable match. A kidney transplant from a baby to an adult is rare. There have been fewer than 10 such transplants in the UK. Theo's parents said in an open letter, "We believe he would have wanted to help others if he had been able to grow up and make the decision himself". They also released a photo of them both holding his tiny hand in hospital. More than 23 million people are on the NHS organ donor register but it's thought around 6.5 thousand people in the UK are waiting for transplants including 150 children.
As computers become ever more prevalent, so the typewriter has become less and less visible. But in Myanmar many people still rely on typewriters to make a living by creating official documents for people. It's a tradition under growing pressure.
Amongst the symphony of bustling crowds and roaring traffic, you can hear a familiar taping noise that might sound like it's from another era. Typewriters may be a thing of the past in most of the world, but in Myanmar they are still very much in demand.
People use typists for important messages and confidential documents. They don't have any doubts that I will copy their words correctly.
He says that after years of censorship and suspicion, customers still see typewriters as more reliable and trustworthy than computers.
The advantage of typewriters is that it's easier to fill in official forms.
Many official documents in Myanmar are still filled in by typewriters. But since transition to civilian rule six years ago, Myanmar has begun to advance.
