
BBC news with Jonathan Izard.
The German Chancellor Angela Merkel appears to have suffered a political setback in the northeastern state of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania. Exit polls from regional elections indicate the anti-immigrant AFD party has beaten Ms Merkel's Christian Democratic Union into third place. The center-left SPD seems likely to top the poll. Ms Merkel's popularity is being under pressure since she allowed more than a million refugees into Germany over the past year.
Syrian pro-government forces have recaptured several strategic areas in Aleppo from rebel fighters. The rebels took the Ramosa district on the southwestern outskirts of the city last month. In a major offensive that broke a government siege, the battle for control of the area is reported to be continuing.
The daughter of a former Hungarian-born American congressman said she's returning a Hungarian state honor because it's now been given to a journalist criticized for his anti-semitic output. Katrina Lantos Swett is joining nearly a hundred other recipients also returning their awards.
Celebrations have taken place in the Indian city of Calcutta after Pope Francis declared the Roman Catholic nun Mother Teresa a saint. The ethnic Albanian who died in 1997 founded her missionaries of charity in Calcutta. Hundreds of nuns in the charity headquarters bursted into applause after the proclamation.
South Sudan's president has agreed to the deployment of extra foreign troops in the country after a visit by a UN Security Council delegation. Salva Kiir had previously rejected the force, saying it was an violation of South Sudan's sovereignty.
Poland says it would dispatch three senior government minsters on urgent trip to Britain following attacks on Polish nationals in a town northeast of London. The announcement came out after two Polish men were assaulted in Harlow where another Pole was attacked and killed a week ago.
And Ugandan football team was qualified for the Africa Cup of Nations for the first time in 39 years. The Cranes beat the Comoros one nil in the packed stadium in the Ugandan capital, Kampala.
BBC news.
