
The recommended treatment for alcoholism is usually abstinence, not in Ottawa, Canada's capital city. At the Oak's, a permanent residence for those who were once homeless, alcoholics are given a measure of white wine at hourly intervals1 throughout the day. It's called the Managed Alcohol Program and aims to stop binge drinking, reduce alcohol intake and stabilize people who've led chaotic lives2. Linda Presley went along to find out how the scheme works and she spent time with the Ottawa police, the people often on the sharp end of looking out for3 the city's hundreds of alcoholics.
Well, I'm with sergeant Steve of the Ottawa police. We are at the start of the shift downtown Ottawa. Where are we heading now?
Into the bar and find out one of the restaurants. Ambulance is going out so…see if they need any help.
All right. So we can see the ambulance flashing light ahead. So pull off4 behind it. So he is just barely conscious. The paramedics have just got him on his feet now. A man in his forties has slumped heavily on a bench. A small bottle of rubbing alcohol5, 50 percent proof is on his lap. So the paramedics are walking with him now. How do you feel when you are seeing that so often on the streets?
Oh sad really. I mean it's a demon that he is gonna have to deal with I guess all his life.
Alcohol is an addictive demon, but the Oak's, a residential home for alcoholics in the west of Ottawa, tries to diminish its impact. Nearly fifty alcoholics live here. And every hour they are served a "pour" as they call it of white wine. It's made on the premises and carefully measured for each person depending on their health and personal goals. Everybody including Anny says they feel better and they are drinking less than they did on the streets.
I'm getting well.
And you are looking well. How are you feeling?
I feel very good. I feel great. They are helping me a lot. This is my home now.
So your drinking is controlled here. Are you trying to drink less?
We can drink every one hour like…
The Managed Alcohol Program was the brain child of a group of Canadian health professionals who were working with homeless people fifteen years ago. Dr. Jeff, the physician in charge of the Oak's and also the chief of staff of Ottawa Hospital was one of them. 
