
BBC news with Jonathan Izard. Russian bomber plans have begun using an airbase in Iran to launch strikes against rebel groups in Syria. It's the first time Russian forces have been deployed in Iran since they occupied it during the Second World War. Until now Moscow has launched attacks from inside Syria all from Russia itself. Russia said it's discussed with the United States whether to implement a deal that would lead to coordinated military action in Syria. There has been no comment from Washington. One of Britain's most infamous radical preachers, Anjem Choudary has been found guilty of encouraging support for the Islamic State militants group. Counter-terrorism chief said he spent almost 20 years trying to bring Choudary to trial, accusing him of radicalizing young people. Nine African Union peacekeepers have been jailed for running a fueled rocket in Somalia. The African Union missions and the soldiers, all of them from Uganda, had been sentenced after trial by a military court. Police in Zambia said they've arrested 150 opposition demonstrators following protests that broke out after President Edgar Lungu was declared the winner in a closely contested election. Protesters have blocked roads and burned tires in parts of southern Zambia.
In a scathing report, a UN-appointed panel has accused the authorities in Bahrain of carrying out a systematic campaign of harassment against the country's Shia Muslim population. It says groundless accusations have been used to target people on the basis of their religion. The former head of world football's governing body, FIFA, Jean Havelange has died at the age of 100. He was credited with transforming football into a multibillion dollar global enterprise. But he was also accused of corruption. At the Rio Olympics, the US gymnast, Simone Biles, has claimed a fourth gold medal of the games, winning the women's floor final. And the one too for the United States the reigning champion, Aly Raisman, took the silver. Russia won the women synchronized swimming duet for the fifth successive games. BBC news.
