Sitting exams can be nerve-racking in the best of times, but tens of thousands of students in Indian administered Kashmir have had to cope with violent unrest and school closures. And as a result, they missed out on large parts of the curriculum. They were offered the chance to defer the tests, but almost all decided to go ahead as planned. Our South Asia editor reports.
There're still tight restrictions across Indian administered Kashmir and there was extra security in place as thousands of pupils turned up to sit their exams at special centres. Most have struggled to prepare. Life under curfew is far from normal. And their schools have been closed for the past four months since unrest escalated in July following the death of a popular militant leader. Some teachers have offered informal and unpaid tuition at local mosques or public halls. They gather together local students to help them revise. These exams do matter. They play a large part in determining whether a student gets a place at college or university or indeed a job. The students were given a choice. They can either take the exams now and only be tested on half the usual syllabus or defer the process and sit the full examination next March. Almost all decided to go ahead now. One uncertainty though is how the rest of India will judge the results. If someone gets a good mark for example, will that be considered just as impressive as a student with the same mark from another part of India who covered the whole syllabus?
In one of the largest ever Internet security breaches, the details of up to 400 million accounts held by an adult dating site have been leaked.
What it seems is that… a huge number of people who have been using this site Adult Friend Finder over the last 20 years cuz it's a 20-year-old site, and their logging details, their passwords, their e-mail addresses have all been stored by the firm. And the report claims that all of this information has been leaked.
Now we are talking about 400 million loggings. That's a huge amount. But this hasn't been verified.
It's an enormous amount. The firm that has reported this called Leak Source, now they charge people to find out about data that's been leaked or about them online. And they said that's 400 million accounts from Adult Friend Finder. And the company that owns this site also owns some other explicit sites. And they think there may be another 12 million of those that have also been leaked. So if this is the case… now people have seen samples but nobody has seen this enormous data set.
