
Janeiro is taking place at the Maracana Stadium. The organized is hoping to lift the spirits of a nation that has been struggling with economic and political crisis. Our correspondent Ed Harry is in the stadium and he joins us now. The athletes’ parade is underway after an opening hour which began as a musical history of Brazil, but which culminated with a stark warning a party being ended with projection showing rising temperatures and sea levels. The athletes now have entered the auditorium, being presented as a part of the solution to that, each being presented with a seed and a cartridge. And those 11,000 seeds will form the athlete forest in Deodoro, a legacy to the city of Rio de Janeiro. And there will be 270 species, one for each of delegations taking part in these games. 
The South Sudanese government has agreed to allow in a regional military force to try to solve the peace deal. The agreement has been under threats since fighting between forces loyal to the president and his deputy killed hundreds in the capital Juba last month. Our Africa editor James Corpuno reports. President Salva Kiir and his supporters had strongly resisted the idea of the new international force in South Sudan. Last month, the President said he wouldn’t allow a single solider in. Now he’s changed his mind under considerable regional and international pressure. However, much still remains unclear. The regional body EGETS says the force will protect civilians and implement the peace deal. But the South Sudanese minister said most of the details, including the number of troops and the exact mandate, have not yet been agreed on. 
Officials in the U.S. city of Chicago have released video footage showing the moments before the police shot dead an unarmed black man after a dramatic car chase last week. It’s the first time video captured by police cameras has been released so swiftly under a new city policy promising greater transparency. The moment of Paul O’Neal’s death was not captured. Police said there was a camera fault. Ja'Mal Green, an activist and spokesman for the O’Neal family, called on the Chicago police department to do more to hold officers accountable. We want a relationship with the police department. But things have to change, the training has to change, holding officers accountable, it has to change. When an officer does wrong, they have to be held accountable. And then people would start taking the Chicago police department seriously and we can bridge that gap. 
The coalition of Syrian Islamist rebel group say that fighters have stormed the arterial base in the northern city of Aleppo. The base is a key objective of a rebel offensive aimed at breaking the government siege of eastern Aleppo where a quarter of a million of civilians were trapped. The Syrian army said it’d repelled the assault, inflicting heavy casualties. The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights confirmed that the part of the base had been captured. World news from the BBC. 
United Nations diplomats say the former prime minister of Portugal António Guterres has again topped the Security Council’s informal poll to find the next UN secretary general. They say Mr. Guterres slightly extended his lead over his ten remaining rivals from last month first secret vote. 
The Colombia government and left-wing FARC rebels have taken another step towards ending more than a half century of conflict. They agreed to a timetable and a UN supervised process for disarming thousands of guerrillas. Will Grant reports. In these last stages of the deal, it seems the final details are proving difficult. The two sides have announced more information about the 23 transit trade zones in eight camps that the FARC fighters will be moved to once they demobilize. There were also details on the process of laying down arms. Specifically that it will be done in three phases over a period of five months. The entire process will be verified by a political mission of non-armed observers from the UN. The decommissioned weapons will then be destroyed and the metal used to create three sculptures to the victims of the conflict. 
The American Nobel Prize winning economist Joseph Stiglitz has resigned from Panamanian commission, investigating the lack of transparency in the country’s financial system. Mr. Stiglitz said the investigation itself was not transparent. The Swiss anti-corruption expert Mark Piece also resigned. He said the Panamanian government would not give enough guarantee to publish the commission’s findings. 
A British band whose members died in a car crash in Sweden in February have topped the U.K. charts with their debut album. Viola Beach’s self-titled debut was compelled by the band’s families using live sessions and studio recordings. Family members thanked fans for propelling the album to number one, saying its success live longer in their memory than the pain. BBC News.
