
This is the BBC News. Hello, I'm Johnson Izard. Hilary Clinton has become the first woman ever to lead a presidential ticket for a major party in the United States. Delegates of the Democratic Party national convention in Philadelphia officially nominated the former senator and secretary of state as the presidential candidate. Her defeated rival, Bernie Sanders rounded off the count by formally asking the convention to suspend its normal rules and approve her nomination by acclamation. The convention chair representative Marcia Fudge put that to delegates. Senator Sanders has moved in the spirit of unity to suspend the rules and nominate Hilary Clinton by acclamation as the presidential candidate of the Democratic Party. Is there are a second? All in favor of the motion say Aye. Aye. Oppose no. The ayes have it. 
The French president Francois Hollande has said in a televised address that the Islamic threat facing Europe has never been so severe. Speaking after the two jihadists murdered the priest in his church near Rouen, Mr. Hollande expressed his determination to defeat terrorism. Police shot dead the two men in the church attack. The French prosecutor Francois Molin gave new information of about the assailants. Hughes Goffield has the details. The prosecutor confirmed that one of the attackers was a local 19-year-old called Adele Kelmish, a young man well-known to the intelligent services, because last year he twice tried to leave the country to join the so-called Islamic State in Syria. Since March he has been living near the church under a full-width house arrest that required wearing an electronic tag. Angry questions are now being asked about how a man supposedly under other close surveillance could have carried out such a brutal murder. A nun says that Daniel managed to escape as the priest father Jack was being killed. When I saw them come in, I said that “OK. Our time has come. We are finished.” But I never thought that they hung down Father Jack, he was praying. You know, he was still altered on his knees. And then I saw the man with a knife, he interrupted father Jack and started to speak in Arabic, they shouted something like you Christians, we’ll destroy you. Father Jack tried to defend himself, but of course, he is an old man. 
The Argentine president Mauricio Macri has announced a national plan and defend violence against women. Candice Piert reports. Mr. Macri said across Argentina our woman was killed every 37 hours. He said that education was the key to ending deeply rooted culture patterns and violence. The wide ranging plan will start next year and will include a new network of women's refugees and money for they electronic tagging of violent men. More money is also to be made available to for a telephone help line to support women living in violent situations. BBC News. 
The suspended Brazilian president Dilma Rouseffe said she will not attend the opening ceremony of the Rio Olympics because she is not prepared to take a second reposition in the American Maracan? stadium. A spokesman for the interim president Michel Temer, her political enemy said that she would have been placed in the stand below him, but not by his side. 
The Interior minister of Bavaria says Germany should be able to expel immigrants whose applications for asylum have been rejected even if the country they come from is at war. Speaking following several Islamist attackers in the state, Joachim Herrmann said it could be necessary to change European Union laws which protect certain refugees from being repatriated. Three of the four attacks in the last week in Germany were carried out by asylum seekers. 
A federal judge in the United States has approved in principle of 15 billion dollars legal settlement in the Volkswagen emission scandal. David Willis in Los Angeles has the details. Nearly half a million two-liter Audi and Volkswagen diesel engine cars that were sold here between 2008 and 2015 are covered by the deal. Depending on their preference, owners will be eligible to either sell their cars back to VW or have them altered to comply with local emission standards and receive up to 10,000 dollars in compensation. Final approval of the deal is expected on October and buybacks will begin shortly after that. Volkswagen admitted conspiring to cheat on diesel emission tests after the scheme was foiled by regulators here in California. David Willis. 
And the technology giant Apple Inc. recalled the 27% fall in the quarterly net profits. The company has revealed that iPhone sales have declined for the second quarter in the row with 15% fewer handsets sold than in the same period last year. Investors are worried about the falling popularity of the company's key product but hope that the decline might be reversed by the much anticipated release of the iPhone 7 in September. BBC News.
