
Reports from Japan say a man with a knife killed at least 15 people at the home for the disabled in the city of Sagamihara, west of Tokyo. Another 45 people have been injured. Mariko Oi reports. It's one of the worst mass murders that Japan has seen. A man went into a residential care home for mentally disabled people at 2:30 am local time and started stabbing residents killing and injuring a dozens. Eight staff were on duty at the facility which houses a 149 permanent residents. A 26 year-old man has since been arrested after he turned up at a police station allegedly admitting to the attack. The suspect who is believed to be a former employee at the home and reportedly told police he wished disabled people would disappear.
The U.S. Democratic Party's National Convention is opened in Philadelphia with an apology to the defeated presidential hopeful senator Bernie Sanders. The mayor of Baltimore stood into the party chairwoman who resigned on Sunday after leaked emails suggested the party's establishment worked to undermine Mr.Sanders. Barbara is there. One of the speaker tonight is Michelle Obama. She is the first in a line of Democratic luminaries preparing a powerful shower-off party support for Hillary Clinton. But divisions have intensified again after email leaks suggesting party officials had tried to undermine her rival Bernie Sanders. The Chairwomen of the Democratic National Committee has resigned but that hasn't mollified Mr.Sanders's supporters. She was booed this afternoon when he urged them to vote for Mrs. Clinton in order to defeat Donald Trump. She called the Republican presidential candidate a demagogue, a danger to America.
The President of the South Sudan Salva Kiir has sacked his long-standing rival the opposition leader Riek Machar and replaced him as first vice president with General Taban Gai, the former Mining Minister. Earlier this month fighting between government troops and forces loyal to Mr. Machar left hundreds died. Alastair Leithead reports.
Riek Machar left the city two weeks ago. He refused to come back until a neutral peace keeping force has been deployed to guarantee his safety. His supporters say his replacement is illegal as it was not decided by a majority of the senior party leadership who was scattered by the fighting. But that did not stop a presidential decree declaring him officially replaced. The furious Mr. Machar's supporters will now say that the peace deal has been broken. And again pledge the country back into civil war unless of course a majority of opposition politicians decide to back this new appointment. At this stage, it is not clear where loyalties lie.
A German authority say that a Syrian asylum seeker who blew himself up outside the music concert in the city of Ansbach had made a video pledging his allegiance to the leader of the Islamic State group. The attacker came to Germany two years ago but was denied to asylum when he was due to be deported to Bulgaria. World News from the BBC.
The Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim has said that the government is willing to work with all main opposition parties and drafting a new constitution, one of the most controversial issues in Turkish politics. He said that limited number of changes had been agreed but made no mention of whether an executive presidential system which president Recep Tayyip Erdogan wanted to introduce has been discussed.
Colombia Health officials said the country's Zika epidemic has ended. The virus which is linked to the birth defect- microcephaly has been declared a global health emergency by the World Health Organisation. From Bogota, Natalio Cosoy reports. The Colombia Ministry of Health made a decision after the number of reported cases dropped to about 600 a week. That disease is now in epidemic phase which means the virus is still present but cases are not peaking. Nevertheless, health authorities warned that there might be new outbreaks. They are advising people to take care especially pregnant women. Since September 2015 when the Zika epidemic started in Colombia, almost 100,000 cases have been reported. Fewer than 9000 confirmed with laboratory tests.
The Mexican Minister of Interior Miguel Angel Osorio has condemned the murder over the weekend of two men in towns in the states of Chiapas and Guerrero. Both were killed by gunmen. One had refused to hand over part of his budget to drug gangs. Both victims lived in a region which have seen a sharp rise in gang violence in the past years.
One of the most influential figures in the American evangelical Christian movement the reverend Tim LaHaye has died at the age of 90. He co-wrote the best-selling Left Behind novels about biblical prophecies on the end of the world. Reverend Lahaye was also instrumental in founding the Moral Majority, a conservative Christian group which thought to shape Republican party policy. And that's the BBC News.
