
The president of Turkey says he is imposing a three months state of emergency following last week’s failed military coup. The measure will enable Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his government to bypass parliament and to limit or suspend rights. In a televised address, Mr. Erdogan said he would allow the authorities to take swift action against those responsible for the revolt. The purpose of the state of emergency is to take the necessary steps swiftly and effectively in order to eradicate this threat against democracy, the rule of law and right and freedom of our citizens. 
Malaysia says it will cooperate with any lawful investigation after the US Justice Department moved to seize assets worth more than a billion dollars from the state fund. The lawsuit alleges money from the Malaysian fund 1MDB was misused and spent on luxury properties, Hollywood movie productions and famous paintings. Loretta Lynch, she is a US attorney general. The one billion dollars and assets that we are discussing today are just a portion of the more than three billion dollars that was stolen from One MDB and laundered through the American Financial Institutions in violation of United States’ law. Unfortunately, sadly, tragically, a number of corrupt One MBD officials treated this public trust as a personal bank account. The fund was established and overseen by Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak. He has denied the allegations. A spokesman said if any wrong doing was proven, a law would be enforced. 
The World Anti-doping Agency, known as WADA, has restored the license of the new drug testing laboratory in Rio De Janeiro, allowing it to operate during the next Olympic Games. From Rio, here is Will Davis. Rio’s multi-million-dollar lab lost its license to operate after what WADA inspectors described as a failure to comply with the international standards. That left Rio 2016 officials facing an ignominious alternative of having to fly dozens of samples daily to Europe for testing. The brand new lab is only the second search facility in South America. It was rebuilt after the original laboratory also has lost its license before the 2014 Football World Cup, because of the obsolete equipment and incorrect results. 
The Republican nominee for vice president of the United States, Mike Pence, is due to speak at the party's convention, in support of his controversial running mate, Donald Trump. Delegates are also due to here for Mr. Trump’s defeated rivals and nomination campaign, senators Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio. Police clashed with demonstrators when a US flag was burnt near the convention center in Cleveland. You are listening to the latest world from the BBC. 
The government of Mali says it will extend a state of emergency by ten days to enable it to deal with worsening terrorist violence. The council of ministers also ordered three days of national mourning to remember 17 Malian soldiers killed on Tuesday when heavily armed men overrun their camp in the central town of Nampala. Two different groups have said they were behind the attack, the Islamist Militants and Sardian, and the group claiming to be acting in defense of Fulani tribal rights. Syria’s opposition has urged the US-led international coalition to suspend its airstrikes against the Islamic State militants. 
The Syrian National Coalition called for an investigation into the death of civilians in region near the IS-held town of Menbich. Minister showed more than 30 countries are in Washington to discuss the fight against IS. US Defense Secretary, Ashton carter, said military action may not be enough to defeat the group. The biggest strategic concern of this group of defense ministers was the stabilization and governance efforts will lag behind the military campaign. Making sure there is no such lag must be a significant strategic priority for us. 
The United States Justice Department has charged a Ukrainian man alleged to be the master man of the world biggest online piracy website. Artem Vaulin said to be the owner of the file shelling site, Kickass Torrents, is accused of money laundering and infringing copyright. He is alleged to have distributed more than a-billion-dollars-worth of pirated music and films over the last eight years. 
Researchers in Argentina say a fossil found more than a decade ago in Patagonia belong to a previously unknown species of meat-eating dinosaur which lived about 18 million years ago. They said the two and a half meter long creatures walked on two legs and was very fast.
