
In the United States, the Dallas police have named the main suspects in the killing of five officers as 25 year old army veteran Micah Johnson, following the shooting spring on Thursday night during street protests, Johnson was killed when police remotely detonated a bomb that they sent it to his hideaway using a robot. James Cook in Dallas has the latest details. We just learning a little more from the police here at Dallas by Micah Johnson. Police have been at his house, they have been searching his house in Texas and we are told now that they believe he had no criminal record, and in that house they have find what they called a ballistic vests that is to say a bullet-proof vests, rifles and ammunition, they have been found in the house of the suspect, they have also formally confirmed for the first time his indentity as Micah Johnson this 25 year old US army veteran who served in Afghanistan.
President Obama has ordered that flags on public building should fly at half-mast as a sign of respect to the five dead officers. Hundreds of people have attended the multi-faced prayer vigil in central Dallas. The city's police chief David Brown told them that the attack was well planned, well thought-out and evil of tragedy. The US Attorney General Loretta Lynch urged Americans to shun violence in the week of the killings. Your voice is important. Do not be discouraged by those who used you lawful actions as a cover for their heinous violence. We will continue to safeguard your constitutional right and work with you in the difficult mission of building a better nation and a brighter future.
Indian company Tata Steel says it's looking at a range of alternatives for its British business which had been intended to sell. The British Business Secretary Sajid Javid said official from the indian company told him that UK's vote to leave the European Union had added a fresh air of uncertainty. From Mumbai, here is Yogita Limaye. In a carefully worded statement, Tatat Steel has all but announced that it's not going ahead with the sale of the company's UK business at least for now. The firm has said that it is looking at alternatives such as joint venture with strategic partners. It's already initiated talks with German engineering group Thyssenkrupp. Tata will however start to seperate process to sell part of its operation in the UK, which is its specialty steels business and its heartly pull pipe mills.
The Hungarian government said it deployed 10,000 police and soldiers to its southern border with Serbia in an effort to seal it completely against illegal migrants. About a thousand people a week are still reaching Austria after travelling through the Balkans. A BBC correspondent at the frontier says some other country such as Bulgaria, Serbia and Marcedonia tolerate small numbers of people getting through their borders illegally. You are listening to lastest world news from the BBC.
The Italian Foreign Minister Paolo Gentiloni has said it's up to Britain to decide when to start the formal process of leaving the European Union. Many EU leaders have said they should have been as soon as possible to end further uncertainty.
The Legendary Pakistani Philanthropist Abdul Sattar Edhi has died at the age of 88. Dr. Edhi devoted his life to helping the poor. Shama Cleo looks back to his life. For more than 60 years, Abdul Sattar Edhi has dedicated his life to helping the poor in needy in Pakistan. Seen by many as a national hero, Mr. Edhi created what has now become the country's biggest charitable organization with very limitted resources. The Edhi Foundation run schools, hospitals and ambulance services across the country, often filling the gaps in services which the state has failed to provide. It also raise orphanages, and it is thought to have help tens of thousands of children. People from all walks of life have expressed grief of the loss of the man many here see as a saint.
The prime minister of Mali have announced a new cabinet which includes the prominent member of the Tuareg group which led rebelion in the north of the county in 2012. Nina Wallet Intalou of the MNLA's women league is the new Miniter for Tourism. The rebels and the government signed a peace deal last year.
Tennis at Wimbledon Milos Raonic has become the first Canadian man to reach the Grand Slam final after he beat the seven time champion Roger Federer. Raonic will meet Britain's Andy Murry in the final on Sunday. Murry knocked out the Czech Tomas Berdych in straight sets. He said he was please with his performance. That's the latest BBC news.
