
As part of International Yoga Day on Tuesday, large group sessions took place around the world in some iconic locations such as Time Square in New York and the Sydney Opera House. Thousands of yogis joined the Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi for some early morning stretches. Mr. Modi has been the driving force behind what is now an annual event trying to encourage others to take up this ancient Indian discipline. One person taking up the challenge is my colleague James who found out about the benefits.
You start by looking at the physical benefits of it, but even before you realize, it works on everything. It works on your mind; it works on your soul. And…
I mean you seem like quite a sort of positive energetic person so…
You know, and it’s funny. I mean… You… People listening to this might find this funny, but whenever I am traveling, when I’m sitting in tubes, I’m on the train or I’m walking, I’m just smiling. And you’re just always happy. You can’t see anything negative around you. So that’s the benefit of doing yoga.
That sounds good. Right. So give us a few sort of hints. I mean we are in the worst place to be doing yoga because we are in a small glass box here. We can’t sort of stretch out. But, but just show us some typical moves that people might be able to do or might start thinking about cuz breathing is very important, isn’t it?
It is, it is. That’s what yoga is about. Like I earlier said that yoga, everyone knows yoga, but we are just not aware about it, because yoga is just about inhaling and exhaling. And that’s what we do. We breath, right? So yeah, while you are at your desk, it’s really simple.
So there are things I could do.
Of course. Everyone. Everyone. And I’d say you must do a few stretches. So just sit straight and hands on your knees. Then just calm your mind. Close your eyes. And then just inhale and exhale. And really just feel the breath going up and down. So when you inhale, you’ll just expand. And you feel that. And that’s what brings like calmness to your mind. So that’s what you start with. 
Ok. And then what sort of stretches could I start doing? For example, I mean, I’m feeling I had quite a long day today, and I am feeling a bit of tension in my shoulders. Yeah. Yes, just stretch your arms above your head and just keep stretching. You should do this. And then you stretched the right side; you stretched then left side. So and then pushing my arms which are locked with the fingers over to each… Oh my goodness, it’s actually hurting. And the back has to be straight. So yeah… Ok. That’s quite important, is it? And then you interlock your fingers behind your back. Right. So you look up. And just stretch and… So I can feel that in my shoulder blades. You can yeah? Because I’m just pulling my arms as far back as they’ll go.
