
Campaigning to the EU referendum in Britain has been suspended after a member of parliament was killed in an attack in Northern England. The Labor MP Jo Cox was shot and stabbed outside the library where she was meeting her constituencies in West Yorkshire. She's the first serving British MP to be murdered in 25 years. A 52-year-old man has been arrested. An eyewitness Clarke Rothwell said he shouted 'Britain First' during the attack. Our political correspondent Rob Watson have this to say about the possible motivation. I think there's still considerable confusion because despite that eyewitness's accounts that happen, other eyewitness'accounts which in a way muddy the waters whether she absolutely definitely was clearly the intended target of her attacker. So I just think, given one's experience of covering these sources of event, one has to be incredibly, incredibly careful to draw conclusions.
President Obama has challenged the Republican-controlled congress to rise to the moment on pass gun control legislation. After meeting relatives of those killed in the mass shooting at a gay nightclub in Orlando on Sunday, Mr. Obama said U.S. politics have conspired to make it easy for a terrorist or a disturbed person to buy powerful weapons. I am pleased to hear that the senate will hold votes on preventing individuals who were possible terrorist ties from buying guns, including assault weapons. I truly hope the senators rise to the moment and do the right thing. I hope the senators who voted no on background checks after Newtown have a change of heart. And then I hope the House does the right thing and helps to end the plague of violence that these weapons inflict on so many lives.
Brazil's Tourism Minister Henrique Alves has resigned a day after being accused of corruption. He's the third minister to leave President Michel Temer's interim government after being implicated in the scandal in gulf state oil firm Petrobras. On Wednesday, the Supreme Court police testimony by a former Petrobras executive Sergio Machado, implicating 20 high-profile politicians,including President Temer. Mr. Temer and Mr.Alves both strongly dined soliciting illegal campaign donations.
Zambian police say 18 Somali migrants have died after being smuggled into the Democratic Republic of Congo inside a container load of fish. A Zambian police commissioner Hudson Namachila said the trucks stopped just inside the Congo's border when the migrants bang on the container's walls to attract the truck drivers as they were suffocating. World news from the BBC.
Mali has appealed to the United Nations to bolster the peacekeeping mission there to combat the increasing deadly attacks by Islamist militants. The Malian Prime Minister Modibo Keita told the UN Security Council that the deterioration was a threat to all nations in the region.
The U.S. city of Philadelphia has introduced a tax on sweet fizzy drinks, despite a multimillion dollar campaign by the beverage industry to block it. Health advocates say sugar drinks cause obesity and diabetes. Critics say the tax will fall disproportionately on poorer residents.
Scientists have launched an international mission to reveal a secret of a deep north Atalantic Ocean. The Atlas project involving research institutions around Europe and North America will spend 4 years exploring unknown eco-systems. With more details here is Victoria Gill. The Atlas Project will launch 25 research expeditions to a dozen deep sites throughout the North Atalantic. Scientists will use sensor laden submersible vehicles to explore eco-systems more than mile beneath the surface. And now measured the changing ocean currents that directly affect our climate. Mineral deposits found in the last 20 years on the Atlantic ocean floor have already raised the possibility of mining bed in the future. The aim of this ambitious project is to understand the life and dynamics of the deep sea before we exploite it.
And in the latest match of the Euro 2016 Football Tournament in France, Poland held Germany to a goalless draw, a result means Ukraine who lost two mil to the Northern Ireland are eliminated. In the day’s other match, England scored a last minute winner to beat Welsh two one. BBC news.
