There is growing interest in the French presidential election in a small town in South Wales. It's all because Penelope Fillon, wife of conservative French candidate Franois Fillon was born and raised in Wales.
This is a small market town on the edge of a national park the Brecon Beakons in South Wales. I'm just wandering through the historic indoor markets here. Bakeries, fruits and vegetable stores, antique stores, coffee shops… So this lady on the right here was born and brought up in this area. And that's the guy who is trying to become the next French president. What do you make of that?
Yes, very nice. Yeah.
Interesting! Small world I guess.
I went to meet someone who knew the woman who may become the next French first lady.
She was a very studious person, an excellent student, quiet but strong, reserved but strong.
He knew Penelope Fillon in the 1970s then known by her maiden name Penny Clark.
She did French at the university certainly. And for the third year she went over to Le Mans in her third year and studied and taught oral French in the school there. And I think that is where she met Franois.
That's Franois Fillon, the conservative candidate to be the next president of France. His wife was born, brought up and went to school in this part of Wales.
She wouldn't jump forward to express views. But she is a very very strong person, very strong character. And she will back Franois to the hilt. People around you know her very well. They know her family very well. So there's a sense of pride and hope, I suppose that she will do well.
The couple are no strangers to the public eye though. Franois Fillon was Prime Minister between 2007 and 2012. In a previous interview with BBC Wales, Mrs. Fillon was clearly aware of the pressures.
It is quite demanding and that sometimes you have to be careful or not be careful but be aware of things that you say that might be misinterpreted or…
Hi John, good morning!
Hi Paul.
The couple's wedding here in Wales brings back fond memories for some.
It looks like the 28th of June, doesn't it, 1980. Franois Charles Amand Fillon and Penelope Catherine Clark. And he was a parliamentary attaché at the time and Penelope Penny was a student cuz some other residents, some of the villagers remember the wedding.
