
British football supporters have a particularly bad reputation so much so nine crimes that only applied to the sport have been enforced. Elsa Ali finds find out why fans are given the red card. Scenes like these are not uncommon during football matches. Despite British football fans and hooliganism being considered synonymous abroad, fans here say that the troublemakers are few and because of them, that fans are all being treated like criminals. The sort of numbers that we're dealing with here 38 million people were attending football matches last season，and there were eighteen hundred and seventy arrests that sort of all that's a tiny tiny number. So most football matches are trouble-free，arrest free. There's a few bad apples they need to be targeted, but the behavior of fans is good. There are nine football-only crimes which wouldn't be considered a criminal offence if committed anywhere outside of a football stadium.
They include encroaching on the pitch，drinking in view of the pitch or even reselling or giving away a ticket. And if those weren't enough, fans are also subjected to special powers. Football banning orders can impose restrictions such as not going within three miles of a football stadium on match days. Requirements to report to the police station at designated times or even surrendering your passport when your club or country are playing abroad. But The Home Office told us evidence shows the legislation has proved effective. Levels of football disorder have been significantly reduced since the introduction of football banning orders in 2000. But the policing is always proportional. Some fans feel like they're being unfairly targeted by government legislation forced by police forces up and down the country. We're here in Millwall whose supporters say they're routinely harassed by the authorities week in week out. Sometimes it starts before the trouble starts you know. They're trying to keep people in check sometimes it can cause more alceration. I have a lot of respect for the police. Because they have a lot of tough job to do in these day. It's not their fault. Sometimes they're told what to do by other people. At the end of the day, people are just trying to watch a football game. And I think we gave more than most things. Indeed several of the Millwall fans that we spoke to concede that they have a bad reputation. It was their supporters we saw at the beginning of the piece fighting with Barnsley fans during the recent League One play-off final at Wembley. But what if the police start arresting people for slightly less a crimes. As we were celebrating, I got pulled out a crowd and you know I was arrested for common assault. Many football fans might have a problem sinking their teeth into laws being used for seemingly bizarre charges. But it's a tough time for police around football supporters after the recent hillsboro ruling and worries about terrorism are heightened as the Euro Tournament kicks off in France this week. There is no doubt there will be on the highest alert. so maybe leave the inflatable sharks at home. Elsa Ali London.
