Here in London, several government MPs have strongly criticized the politician in charge of the House of Commons, the speaker John Bercow after he said President Trump shouldn't address parliament when he visits the UK. The position of speaker is supposed to be politically neutral. There have also been renewed calls for the Prime Minister Theresa May to cancel the state visit. Here is our London correspondent Rob Watson.
Reactions of John Bercow's affects of branding of Donald Trump as a racist and sexist, not worthy of addressing parliament can be split crudely into two.
One is "Well said". The second is anger mainly from MPs from the governing conservative party who believe the speaker's comments threaten to undermine Theresa May's efforts to be nice to Donald Trump. One of those angry MPs Andrew Bridgen insists it also undermines the neutrality of the speaker.
It was clear last, yesterday evening that there was a lot of dissatisfaction amongst colleagues, at rage even that he'd overstepped the mark and compromised the neutrality of the chair, which I think is key to the office.
"None sense," say other MPs among them the conservative John Burns.
What the speaker of the House of Commons' doing was reflecting the view of a significant number of our parliament who do have concerns about Donald Trump, how he behaves, and the thought of him possibility coming to parliament when he comes to this country on his state visit. The speaker himself who though small in stature as very much a larger-than-life character and loved and loathed by MPs in almost equal measure is sticking by his decision to speak out.
Whilest I completely understand that there can be different views about this matter and we have heard some of them, we should always and all be treated with respect. I was commenting on a matter that does fall within the remit of the chair.
Although this episode has highlighted the strong feelings among British politicians about Mr. Bercow, it is above all a reminder of the dangers Downing Street faces in pivoting to another controversial politician, namely Donald Trump.
Rob Watson.
Rebels from Columbia's ELN left-wing group and government negotiators have begun talks aimed at ending more than five decades of conflict. They come after the success of four years of negotiations with Columbia's largest rebel group the FARC.
