Now to the remarkable story of an Indian woman who her family thought had died in 1976. And it was no ordinary death. Because it was apparently from a snake bite, she wasn't cremated but was left floating in the river Ganges. But now there's been a new twist in the tale as our South Asia editor Charles Haviland reports.
She'd lost her memory and had no idea she had five children from two marriages. She told the BBC she was saved by boatmen 300 kilometres downstream. Years later in a different city, she was taken in by a family, married again and had more children. Recently a chance encounter with a woman from her native village jogged her memory, prompting her to return and amazed her older sons and daughters.
Construction has begun on the first bridge to connect Russia and China. It's taken nearly three decades of negotiations go get this far. Our Asia Pacific editor Michael Bristol told me more. 
Well this bridge goes from the Chinese city of Heihe to Blagoveshchensk on the other side of the river. It stretches about a kilometre over the Amur River. If it's completed, it will be the first one between Russia and China which is quite incredible considering that these two countries share a border about 4000 kilometres long. The reason they are doing it now is that China and Russia want to boost trade between the two countries and obviously you need the infrastructure in order to do that. You need bridges, you need roads, you need railways. You need all that kind of thing. In the past, it hasn't happened because in the 60s and 70s, they were... there were several skirmishes between China and the Soviet Union and that kind of thing tends to dampen talk of bridges and communications between two countries. So it's really taken them up until now just to get their act together.
And what were some of the keys or sticking points to the things that were holding this up for so long?
Well it's difficult to say because it's like the overall negotiations and trade relationship between China and Russia. They have very officially a warm relationship. They talk about boosting trade to about 100 million dollars each year. President Putin and Xi Jinping, the Chinese president always get together and talk warmly. But when it gets down to the nitty-gritty of doing things, there always seems to be a problem. So for example, there is another bridge along the same river.
