
The Greek parliament has approved several economic and financial reforms after a long and acrimony emergency debate on further austerity measures. The Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras say the outcome show that Greece honored its economic commitments. He said he was confident Euro Zone creditors will now unlock funds Athens needs to repay loan to the International Monetary Fund. Yolande Knell reports. Protesters gathered outside the parliament building, as the latest austerity measures will voted through following four days of emergency debate. Tax rises on a range of goods and services will not be introduced over the next two years and Greek says Athens will gradually be transferred to a new privatisation funds. The Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras is trying to show his sticking to the term of bailout deal, Greece's third third in five years that he struck with international creditors last July.
The Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has announced the start of a big military operation to recapture the city of Fallujah from Islamic State fighters who seized it more than two years ago. Army and police reinforcements have been sent to surround the city and the Iraqi authorities earlier warned civilians to leave. Fallujah is estimated to contain 60,000 civilians many of the families are IS militants.
The world largest insurance company AXA says it diverting itself from all its tobacoo related assets. The French Multinational says this amounts to 1.9 billion dollars of equity and bounds. AXA's executive says there will be a short term cost, but they argue that in the long run, investing in a product which the World Health Organization estimate will claim hundreds of millions of lives this century is simply unsustainable.
The India Prime Minister Narendra Modi has arrived in Iran, the first such visit more than a decade. He is seeking to strengthen economic ties between the two countries and boost investment. Here is Joe Givering. India's relation with Iran suffered when Teheran was under tough international sanctions, but now Mr Modi is keen to get relationship back on track. It's part of his wide ambitions to expand India's strategic influence and forge new business partnerships. A major Indian investment deal for the development of Chabahar, an Iranian port close to the border with Pakistan is likely to be hailed in the agenda. It could provide a sea route for goods from land logged Afhanistan to India and beyond and give India alternative access to central Asia.
All direct votes in Austria's presidential election have been counted, but the result is too close to call. Norbert Hofer the candidate of the far-right and Eurosceptic Freedom Party and the former Green party leader, Alexander van der Bellen are neck in neck. They will have to wait until the hundreds of thousands of postal votes have been counted on Monday. World news from the BBC.
President Obama has begun his visit of Vietnam, aimed to strengthening defense and economic ties. The Vietnamese government is hoping that Mr Obama will announce the lifing of the partial US arm's embargo. Mr Obama is the third US president to visit since the end of the Vietnam War.
Thousands of Brazilians have taken to the street of Rio de Janeiro and Saul Polo in the lastest protests against the acting presidnet Michel Temer. Police block roads in Saul Polo as the march headed to Mr Temer's residence. In Rio, protesters called for his resignation.
The Veteran British film director Ken Loach has won this year's Palme d'Or, the top award at Cannes Film festival with the drama I, Daniel Blake. His new film is about a carpenter in northeast England struggling to retain his state benefits. Vincent Doyle reports. In I, Daniel Blake, Ken Loach has made one of his angriest films. Blake is a carpenter nearing 60 who has heart attack and could no longer work. When state benefit withdrawn, he has no way to support himself. He meets a single mother Kitty, herself terrified of poverty and a relationships develops. It's a decade since Loach won the Palme D'Or at Cannes for The Wind That Shakes the Barley. He joins a small group of directors in winning more than once. Accepting the award Ken Loach says the world was in the grip of dangerous project of austerity.
In Football, Barcelona have won the Copa del Rey, completing a Spanish League and cup double for the second season in a row. They beat Sevilla, Tunnel and Madrid. Both goals came in extra time. Barcelona played most of the match with ten men after Javier Mascherano was sent off. The Sevilla ended th game with just nine players. BBC news.
