
A day after an Egypt airplane dropped off the radar close to Cairo. No debris has yet been discovered. Rescue teams are continuing to search the East Mediterranean for rackage. Egyption officials initially thought part of the plane have been found, later admitted they had been mistaken. Kevin Conelly reports from Cairo, Greiving family members of the lost passengers have come from France, from Kuawait, and from far-flung desert towns of villages in Egypt. Their arrival will intensify pressure on Egyption government to demonstrate they respond to the latest aviation disaster. It's both competent and compassionate. The retraction of the claim that the rackage of the plane had already be found is something of an embarrasement, one official said simply we got it wrong.
The Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon has announced his resignation and reports that the Prime Minister Benjamin Nethanyahu wants to bring a hardline party into his governing coalition. On Thursday, Mr Yaalon addresed a meeting of Youth group leaders, saying Israel had lost its moral compass. Israeli media say Mr Nethanyahu has already offered the defense post to the right-wing politician of Avigdor Lieberman.
The Nigerian military's senior spokeman says he is optimistic that all the girls kidnapped by Boko Haram militants more than two years ago from Chibok school will be rescued. The officer Col.Sani Usman spoke to the BBC after second Chibok girl was freed this week during a clearance operation. She was part of a group of nearly 100 women and children.
The most prominent surviving memeber of the group that carried out the Paris attack, Salah Abdeslam is due to be questioned by French judges today. Abdeslam is thought to played a key planing role in the November attacks in which 130 people were killed. World news from the BBC.
Officials in Shri-Lanka said the number of people killed in floods and mudslides has risen to more than 60, with over 130 still missing. Days of torrential rain have flooded large parts of the island, three hillside villages have been burried by thick red mud. Hundreds of soldiers are searching for survivors.
The San Francisco police chief Greg Suhr has resigned hours after an officer shot and killed a young black woman, who is driving a suspected stolen car. The resignation was announced by the mayor. The San Francisco police department and its chief had recently come under fierce criticism over the death of several black suspects and reports that a number of officers has exchanged racist text messages.
All new packets of cigarette sold in Britain from today must have the same plain packaging. This follows a final ruling by court in London on Thursday, striking down a challenge by four of the world's biggest tobacco company. The British government says it hopes to deter young people from starting smoking. Sangeeta Moisco reports. Packs will be uniformally green with large image, showing the harmful affects of smoking, henceforth, the brand name will be restricted to standardize font and color. From 2020, all Menthol cigarettes will also be banned, tobacco company have been given a year to sell out stock and and fully the implement the changes onto the EU directive. It's estimated that across the European Union, around 700,000 people died prematurely as a result of smoking.
Scientists in the United States have developed a tiny drone the size of a small coin. The flying robot has insect-like flapping wings and an electrostatic pad that allows them to land on the ceiling. That way they can purge and conserve energy before continuing their flight. Developers hope that sworms of this small drones with sensors can help to map out the area of natural disasters. BBC news.
