
Vessels and aircrafts from several countries are continuing to search for wreckage of the Egypt airplane that disappeared over the east Mediterranean early on Thursday. Egyptian and Greek authorities say the debris spot earlier in waters of the Greek Island of Karpathos did not belong to the missing airliner, the aircraft being on route from Paris to Carol with 66 people on board. Jonathan Blake reports. The focus here is on what if any breach of security happened at Charles de Gaulle airport, security was already tight and under review after the recent terror attacks in Paris. Officers on duty here on Wednesday night when the Egypt airplane took off had been interviewed. French investigators and technical adviser from Airbus have gone to Carol to assist the Egyptian authorities who are leading the investigation. Egypt's Civil Aviation Minister Sharif Fathi has said terrorist act is more likely to be the cause of the catastrophe than a technical failure. The security analysts say if there was a bomb on the plane it could be brought on board in several places. On Wednesday, the Airbus land on Carol, Tunis, and Eritrea before going on to Paris. Here is our transport correspondent Ragid Westcarts. The Egyptian's suggesting that it is more likely to be a terrorists'attack than an accident. And the Russian’s suggesting that as well. And when you talk to security experts and crash experts, what they say is it is very rare, incredibly rare, for an ordinary aircraft cruising at normal altitude, normal speed to suddenly disintegrate and to do it so quickly that no one could get a mayday message. And none of that says that this is definately a terrorist attack, it sould still be an accident. But it does seem that things at the moment are pointing more towards something sinister rather than an accident.
The Nigeria military say that there was a second schoolgirl kidnapped by Boko Haram militants more than two years ago from Chibok has been rescued. And army's spokesman gave no details about how the unnamed girl was freed but said there would be a statement later. Tommy Aledpo is in Abuja. Details are still emerging about the circumstances under which the second girl was found with the new comes just hours after another rescue girl met President Muhammadu Buhari in Abuja. The series event will be welcomed as the search for the larger group of missing schoolgirls continues. They are believed to be around Sambisa forest in the northeast of the country, a stronghold of the Islamic militant group Boko Haram. Apart from the Chibok schoolgirls, Boko Haram has abuducted and possibly still hold many more.
Politicians in the US state Oklahoma has voted to make abortion a criminal offense. The measure will punish doctors who terminate pregnancy with up to three years in prison and restrict them from renewing their medical licenses. The state senate to approve the bill by 35 votes to 12, It now has to be approved by the state republican governor. World News from the BBC. 
Hillary Clinton, the front-runner for the Democratic nomination for the US presidency, has said there was no way that she will not be her party’s candidate for the Novemberelections. In an interview with CNN, she said that she has insurmountable lead over her rival Bernie Sanders. He is vowed to fight on. Turning her attention to the elected republican candidate, she says that Donald Trump was unqualified to be US president.
The man who could become the European Unions first far-right head of state is making his final pitch to voters in Austria before the presidential run-off votes this weekend. Norbert Hofer from the Freedom Party is up against the former Green party leader Alexander van der Bellen. He is running as an independent. From Vienna, Bethnie Bell reports. The team man has just held the last televised debate. Mr.van der Bellen accused Mr. Hofer of wanting to dismiss any government that didn't suit him. Mr. Hofer countered Mr.van der Bellen was the one who has refused to swear in a Freedom Party chancellor. Austria is polarized. The first time since 1945 candidates from the center left to center right have been knocked out of the race. The final vote take place on Sunday.
It emerged that a student leader arrested on Bangladesh on suspicion of murdering a university professor has died. 21-year old Hafizur Rahman,belongs to a student wing of Islamic party and died in hospital to which been transferred on the police guard. His party says that he suffered from a blood condition and was denied proper treatment by prisonal authorities. 
Finally,the veteran Canadian American television journalist Morley Safer has died just days after retiring from CBS news. He was 84. Mr. Safer made his reputation as a Vietnam war correspondent for CBS and then became a pillar of the networks program 60 Minutes. He worked there for more than 40 years. BBC News.
