
The presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he will be prepared to meet the North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, Mr Trump said that if he was elected in November. He would talk to Mr Kim about his country’s nuclear program and also put pressure on China to deal with the issue, I would speak to him, I would have no problem speaking to him, at the same time I will put a lot of pressure on China because economically we have tremendous power over China, people don’t realize that, they are extracting vast billions of dollars out of our country, billions, and we have tremendous power over China. China can solve that problem with one meeting or one phone call. The US presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has declared victory in the Democratic primary in the state of Kentucky. Her lead of her rival senator Bernie Sanders came down to a few thousand votes. In the other ballot held on Tuesday, Bernie Sanders won in Oregon. Overall, Mrs Clinton maintains a significant overall lead to take to the delegates’ conference in July.
The Japanese car maker Suzuki says it has found discrepancies in the way it’s been testing vehicles for fuel efficiency and emissions, but the company denied it had cheated to make its cars appear more efficient. Rumors of improper testing sent shares in the firm tumbling down nearly 10% in Tokyo when the market closed. Theo Leggett reports. Suzuki admits that an internal investigation has found discrepancies between the way in which its cars should have been tested and how the tests were actually carried out. However, it insists that there was no deliberate attempt to mislead its customers or flatter the performance of its cars. Although the admission is an embarrassing one for Suzuki, analysts say the apparent violation is less serious than those uncovered of its rival Mitsubishi which recently admitted falsifying fuel-economy data on a number of Japanese models. Meanwhile Mitsubishi itself has announced that its president Tetsuro Aikawa is to step down in the wake of the scandal.
The Red Cross in Sri Lanka says more than 200 families are missing feared buried under mud and sludge after torrential rain sent landslide cascading over three villages in the center of the island. The disaster management authority say they can't confirm the figure but say at least 32 people have been killed. Here is our South Asia editor, Charles Haveland. Footage from the worst-hit area shows a massive gash along the side of a hill caused by a landslide. Villagers say more than 60 houses have been buried or damaged. Hundreds of army troops have been deployed and have managed to rescue scores of people. But it’s difficult to get heavy equipment to the worst-hit places. President Maithripala Sirisena is visiting the area to meet victims' families. Meanwhile the authorities in other badly hit parts of the island have appealed to the public to send water, dry food rations and sanitary items for those affected. Charles Haveland reporting. World news from the BBC
China says it will maintain tax incentives for steel exports, despite the decision by the United States to impose duties of more than 500% on imports from China and Japan. The US says unfair subsidies are allowing the two countries to sell certain kinds of steel at the low cost, but Beijing says it will keep its tax rebate policy for exports of the metal to help tackle excess production.
The new England football champions Leicester City have arrived in Thailand for a celebratory tour. The team which defined huge jobs to win the English Premier League are owned by the Thai billionaire Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha. From Bangkok, Jonathon Head reports. Leister's unexpected success has given the Thai company which bought the clubs six years ago a golden opportunity to promote itself and the team in football-mad Thailand. Members of the winning squad were greeted by jubilant fans when they arrived early this morning in Bangkok airport led by their manager Claudia Raneairi and captain Weeze Moregan. Later they will display the premier league trophy at the headquarters of King Power where the company has in recent weeks put up giant TV screens for fans to watch the team’s final games.
The Chinese billionaire Jack Ma has pulled out of an anti-counterfeiting conference in the US after the organizer suspended his company Alibaba. He has been due to give the keynote speech of the anti-counterfeiting coalition’s conference in Florida. When Alibaba was admitted to the coalition last month, several companies left in protest. BBC news.
