
The Venezuelan opposition leader Henrique Capriles has criticized president Nicolas Maduro for declaring a state of emergency last week. Mr. Capriles said the decree giving Mr. Maduro extra powers to deal with the country's economic crises was unconstitutional and he said the president should stand down. The moment of choose is coming. It's time to decide if you with the constitution or with Maduro. And that’s the decision that Venezuelan arm forces will have to make. We don't want a military solution. That's why we are seeking a removal of the president. Mr. Maduro had accused the United of States of leading a plot to deploy foreign troops in his country and force him from office.
The US senate has passed a bill which would allow families of the victims of the 9·11 attacks on New York and Washington to sue the government of Saudi Arabia. But the white house spokesman said president Obama had serious concerns about the bill and it was difficult to imagine he would sign it into law.
Mexico’s president Enrique Pena Nieto has announced proposals to reform the constitution to allow same-sex marriages across the country. The president’s move follows the supreme court ruling last year that declared a ban on such unions unconstitutional. Speaking at National day against homophobia, Mr. Pena Nieto said he would seek to enshrine same-sex marriage in the Mexican constitution and federal civil code. At this event, I will sign an initiative to reform the constitution to incorporate with all clarity the opinions of nation’s supreme court to recogonize it as a human right that people can answering his marriage without any kind of discrimination.
French riot police have fired tear gas and clashed with stone-thrown protestors demonstrating against government plans to change French labor laws. 75 arrests have been reported. In coordinated actions, truck drivers are blocking access roads to fuel and food suply depots, and train drivers across France have gone on strike. President Francois Hollande has said he is determined to see his labor market reforms go through.
The US Senate has approved a bill to provide more than a billion dollars to combat Zika virus which can cause serious birth defects. It might fall short to the 1.9 billion that had been demanded by President Obama. Gary O'Donoghue reports. The White House has already borrowed 600 million dollars from a pot set aside for Ebola, insisting that was only a stop gap measure. Since then, Republicans have been arguing that the administration doesn't need as much money as it claims for Zika, and the spending should be at least in part offset with cuts in other areas. Now the Senate has passed it by partisan funding measure, short of what the president wants, but significantly more than the Republican controlled House of Representatives was proposing. That means the two measures will have to be reconciled in some way. You are listening to the world news from the BBC.
The presumptive of Republican nominee for the US presidency Donald Trump has outlined the wide range of his policies including plans to speaking with North Korea's leader and re-negociate the Paris climate accord. In an interview of Reuter's news agency, Mr. Trump said he would have no problem discussing Pyangyang's nuclear program with Kim Jong-un, a move which will mark a major shift in US policy.
United States has eased some sanctions on Myanmar, but it has retained its sanctions against the Burmese military. The BBC's Jonah Fisher reports from Yangon. This little down that this American decision has the full backing of Myanmar’s dominant politician Aung San Suu Kyi. Sanctions against state-owned businesses and banks which Suu Kyi’s new government now control had been lifted. But restrictions remained on those closely connected to the Burmi’s military. Despite November's election and subsequent handover of power, the army retains a major political role and continues to participate in ethnic conflicts and commit human rights of uses.
Firefighters in western Canada have been forced back from a blaze sweeping through accomodation site for oil workers. The entire population of town Fort McMurray have spent more than two weeks away from their homes with no word yet on when they can return. Speaking from a camp 70 kilometers north of Fort McMurray, one of the oil workers BJ Spears described conditions of the oil facility before he was evacuated, Three pm, middle of the day, I expect to see a lot of sunshine but it was completely dark, I thought it was midnight so I ask what's going on and couple of my friends just said we were being evacuated because of the smoke. You know you are so intimidated by the fire and smoke that, you know, you just want to get out of there.
The US senate has unanimously back President Obama’s nomination of Eric Fanning as secretary of the army. He would be the first openly gay to become the top civilian official in any branch of the US military. BBC news.
