
Representatives of World and Middle East power has begun new talks aimed at putting the Syrian peace process back on track. Germany's foreign minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said diplomats have to find way to return to the political negotiation. Our correspondent Bethony Bell is in Vienna, What we understand western diplomats are trying to do here in Vienna is to have actions which would encourage the opposition to return to peace talks in Geneva, the opposition suspended its participation of those peace talks in April because of the mounting violence in Syria because of the very partial and fragile truce was coming under enormous strain, and because of the lack of the humanitarian access to certain areas.
The authorities in Canada have ordered the evacuation of up to 600 oil workers in the province of Alberta because of a renewed threat from a resurgent wild fire. People in camps near Fort McMurray are being sent to oil installation further north. James Cook reports. Two weeks ago, a wild fire destroyed more than 2,000 homes in Fort McMurray and forced more than 18,000 people to flee. It is still burning and, in the past 24 hours, has moved back towards the city and a dozen oil camps to the north. Dense yellow smoke has descended and in places the air is thick with ash. A spokesman for the regional municipality of Wood Buffalo told BBC that 8,000 people were given procautionary evacuation orders late on Monday evening, in addition to some 4,000 who had already been advised to leave. World news from the BBC.
Members of Parliament in Turkey are debating a draft measure that would remove some of the legislators' own immunity from prosecution. Members of the pro-Kurdish opposition said the proposal is designed to target them and suppress dissent. The governing AK Party will need support from other parties, it means to achieve the 2/3 majority required to pass the bill.
The French Presidnet Francois Holland said he won't back down in an dispute with Trade Unions of a new labor laws, further street demonstrations against the measures are expected today. In an interview with French Radio, the president insisted the legislation will stay, and he threatened tough actions against any protestors clashing with police. The government says the labor market reforms will creat jobs, the Unions said they would destroy job security and erode workers' rights.
An American who's had the first penis transplant in the United States has told BBC that he hopes his operation will hearten war veterans who suffer genital injuries. Thomas Manning, who is 64, said he was determined to have a replacement penis after his own was amputated after he got cancer. He said he wanted to speak out about his experience. We have people that thought for years and tell them about how they had to have it amputated. If you saw the look on their face, they cringed, they just can't stand the idea. But I don't hide things, I must talk it to all of front.
Ten gay right activists in Georgia have been detained for painting rainbow graffiti on the side of an Orthodox church office. The suspects were arrested in an act of writing the slogan "All Love is Equal". Georgia's Orthodox church, which opposes same-sex marriage, is marking Strengthen the Family Day, which coincides with the international day against homophobia. Georgia's capital T'bilisi is currently hosting the conservative world congress of families. BBC news.
