
The United Nations High Commission for Refugees Philly O’Granddhi has repeated a cause for a global response to the world refugee crisis. He told the BBC that the responsibility needed to be share more widely. We just have to convene small states to provide money. But not just money. To provide, for example resettlement places and more humanitarian admission places. You know, last year, over a total of,let's say, 20 million refugees are not counting internally displaced. How many where we were settled from one country to the other, probably less than 200,000, less than 1%. That is also a direction in which we need to move more boldly
The World Health Organization says polio could be eradicated in Pakistan within a month. WHO representative for that country Dr. Michel Zaffran told the BBC that only a handful of cases have been reported this year in Pakistan and neighboring Afghanistan. The last places were polio is endemic. He was speaking as health officials launched a massive immunization campaign in both countries. The challenges we have are all logistic and security about combining 75,000 personnel and I now waiting up to go and immunize about 9.86 million children. They have with them 20 million dollars is forthcoming 3 days. They have with them in the most a secure compromised areas police has called.
The Columbia government and FARC rebels have agreed a road map for the release of child soldiers with the left-wing group. According to its turns, children younger than 15 were leaving the coming days. The FARC only accepted there are 21 children in their ranks. The Columbia diplomats said the number of fighters aged 16 and 17 could ran into the 100s.
A British charity Christian Aid is warning that by 2060 more than a billion people worldwide will live in cities at risk of catastrophic flooding as a result of climate change. A study by Christian Aid says 8 most vulnerable cities on the list are all in the Asia with Indian cities of Calcutta and Bombay been most risk. But on the street, Clacutta, the reaction was sadly mixed. Yeah, it's a little scary, something has to be done to getting it. You are listening to the world news from the BBC.
Thousands of demonstrators from the Hazara ethnic group have been marching in the Afghan capital Kabul. They are angry about the government’s decision to re-route a power line away from one of their main regions. They want the reinstatement of the original route through the predominately Hazara central province of Bamiyan.
The US Secretary State John Kerry will today meet foreign minister from Britain, France, Italy and Germany to discuss the crisis in Lybia. The meeting in Vienna will focus on efforts to bring greater stability to the country. Here's our correspondent in Vienna Bethany Bell. The participants expected to discuss way to support the new unity government led by Prime Minister Fayez Sarraj. His government of national accord which is formed last December with UN backing is attempting to assert authority over the whole country. But it faces resistance from hardline factions in Tripoli and the east of the country. Up for discussion, maybe the possible lossening of the arms embargo to Lybia to help the unity government fight the Islamic State group.
Official in the English city of Manchester are demanding an inquiry into what they described as a fiasco after suspected bomb found at a football stadium turned out to be a training device for sniffer dogs. It's been accidently left at Manchester United Stadium by privacy security company. United's last match of season had to be abandoned.
