 

Brazilian senators debating the political future of president Dilma Roussef, accused her breaking fiscal laws, lacking leadership and mismanaging the country's economy and overwhelming majority of senators has so far express support for full impeachment trial. The vote is expected in the next few hours. Here is our Brazil correspondent Will Davis, Dilma Roussef says the charges against that she illegally manipulate government account to hide the scale of the deficit are a smokes screen, to the hide the real motivation of her political enemies. To remove all cost she says, the left wing workers' party government, after 14 years in power. But with her government weak popular and in the middle of economic crisis, Dilma Roussef seems almost powerless to stop events. Her opponents lead only a simple majority of senators to force impeachment trial and make Roussef automatic suspention.
Police in Venezuela have clashed with opposition demonstrators who are marching on the headquarters of the country's election commission on the referendum to oust president Nicolas Maduro. Riot police used tear gas and block roads leading to the building in Caracas. Former presidential candidte, Henrique Capriles accused the police of throwing tear gas into his eyes.
Nigeria’s main trade union says it will resist the government's move to cut fuel subsidies dramatically, which will result in prices nearly doubling. Nigeria labour congress describe the plan as unjustifiable and criminal. Arians Hippers reports. The Nigerian government announced on Wednesday that the price for a litter of petrol would go up from 86 to 145 naira, that's about three quarters of a dollar. Fuel subsidies are costing the government billions of dollars per year while low oil prices on the international markets are hitting its economy. The Nigeria labour congress has said it will resist what it called a cruel measure by every legitimate means. Early attempting in 2012 to reduce subsidies led to wide spread strikes and riots, forcing the government to withdraw the plan.
Ukrainian border guards are reported to have recovered 17 works of art hidden in plastic bags near the border with Moldova. The paintings which includes works by Tintoretto and Rubens were stolen from museum in Italy last year. Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko described it as a brilliant operation which demonstrate the country’s fight against art smuggling. The overall cost of that collection according to the documents provided by the border service and military prosecution exceeded 16 million euros. We have not only protected the global value of these paintings but also reaffirm Ukraine’s prestige by search-efficient actions.
The Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump appears to soften his stands on hiscontroversial proposal for temporary ban on Muslim entering the US. In a television interview he said it was just a suggestion. The proposed ban has been widely criticised in the US and abroad. World news from the BBC.
A new study estimates there’re now 56 million abortion taking place around the world every year, a quarter of all pregnancies. The research published in the Lancet medical journal shows a higher level of abortion than previous data has suggested. Jane Draper reports. The number of terminations has increased from around 15 million in the early 1990s driven in parts the authors say by population growth and also demand for smaller families. In western Europe there’s been a slice increase in the abortion rate. This is thought to be due to immigration from east European countries which have always had high termination rates. And the arrival of women from further afield who might not tend to use family planning services. Overall abortion rates have remained level in developing countries but have fallen significantly in richer ones.
Some internet services providers in Uganda say that the government has ordered them to shut down access to social media services. It comes as several African heads of states arrive in the country ahead of president Yoweri Museveni’s inauguration on Thursday. Social media in Uganda was previously blocked during the election in February.
One of the most familiar and respected voices in international cricket, the West Indies commentator and writer Tony Cozier has died in his home in Barbados. He was 75. Here’s the BBC cricket correspondent Jonathan Agnew. Tony Cozier was one of the finest writers and broadcasters in the game. The son of a journalist, he started reporting on cricket in 1958 and 7 years later in 1965 he hit the air waves for the first time. Fifty years later he was still commentating when England toured the western Indies.
The internet giant Google has said it will ban advertisements for companies offering short term loans at high interest rates. It will no longer allow adverts for loans due within 60 days on its websites. It will also ban adverts for loans where the interest rate is 36% or higher. BBC news.
