
I am Stewart Macintosh with the BBC news. Hello.
The Brazilian president Dilma Rousseff has asked the supreme court to block impeachment proceedings against her in a final attempt to stop the process before she faces a crucial vote in senate. If a simple majority of senators vote against the president later on Wednesday a fully impeachment trial will be launched. Wale David reports from Brazil.
The beleagured president denies the charges against her that she illegally conceal the scale of the budget deficit. Brazil's first female leader says what is really happening first in the lower house of congress, and now in the senate is a judicial coup by her political opponents to remove her from office. In a recent interview with the BBC, Dilma Rousseff appeared to acknowledge that she would be suspended, pending an impeachment trial. But she said she would fight to clear her name, and fully intended to resume the final two years of her presidency.
U.S. media are projecting that the Democratic presidential hopeful, Bernie Sanders, has won the West Virginia primary, beating the frontrunner, Hillary Clinton. More from David in Los Angeles.
Bernier Sanders is running out of time to close the gap on Hillary Clinton yet he refuses to go quietly. His victory in this primary means he’s won 19 states to Hillary Clinton’s 23 yet she continues to enjoy her comfortable lead in the race for delegates. Bernier Sanders has claimed on several occasions that he for a better against Donald Trump in the presidential election than she would. And opinion poll conducted in 3 key swing states would appear to bear him out.
Bangladesh has executed the leader of the country's largest Islamist party for war crimes committed during the 1971 independence war with Pakistan.The authority say Matiur Rahman Nizami was hanged in Dhaka's central prison.
Detectives in the US state of Minnesota have questioned a doctor who saw the pop star Prince twice in the weeks before he died. The police warrant had reviewed that doctor Michael prescribed medication to the 57-year-old singer the day before he died last month. The warrant doesn’t say what drugs were prescribed, nor whether the singer took them.
A fertility clinic in India says a 72-year-old woman was given birth to her first baby after receiving IVF treatment. Delgen Decower gave birth last month to a boy following 2 years of treatment to the clinic in the northern state Heriana. James Kelly reports.
Delgen Decower told journalist she and her 79-year-old husband had almost lost hope of ever having a child. But after 46 years of marriage their prayers has finally being answered. She said her life now felt completed, adding that she felt full of energy. Clinic official said the baby was conceived using the couple’s own egg and sperm and was now healthy and hearty after weighing just 2 kg of birth.
World news from the BBC.
Taiwan has executed a former college student who was sentenced to death for killing four people and injuring 22 others in a stabbing spree on a subway train 2 years ago. Zheng Qi, who is 23 was isodized and shot 3 times at Taibei’s detention center. The attack shocked Taiwan which has a low crime rate.
Amnesty International says at least 149 prisoners had died in a poor conditions this year to military detention center in northeast Nigeria. The campaign group says eleven of those who died at GB were young children. Amnesty says inmates are kept overcrowded in filthy cells and face death from disease, hunger or gunshot wounds. It’s called for the center to be closed.
Police in Australia say they’ve arrested 5 men who are suspected of planning to cross the ocean in a small fishing boat to join Islamic millitant group in Syria. The men were detained after towing the seven meter craft almost 3000 kilometers from Melbourn to Kens in Queensland. Media reports say the radical preacher Musa Seritonio was among those held. Sherin Paton is Victoria State deputy police commissioner.
There have been reports that seem to be downplaying it somewhat, and I want to be perfectly clear this is a serious attempt by five men who are of security interest to us, who have their passports canceled and are attempting to exit Australia, so that they can make their way through boat, and ultimately we are investigating the intention to possibly end in Syria to fight.
An indenpent review commissioned by the Australia criket authorities following the death of the batsman Phillipuse has called for new player safety guidelines. Among the recommendations are that all first-class cricketers in Australia be compelled to wear protective helmets that meet stringent safety standards when facing fast balling. He was dead two days after he was struck in the neck by a ball in 2014.
BBC news.
