 
I'm Stwerd Mechantach with the BBC News. Hello!
A man said to be the next president of the Philippines is considering a wide-spread changes to the country's constitution. As spokesman from Rodrigo Duterte says that as a president, the controversial former mayor would correct what he called the failure of the presidential form of government and move towards a parliamentary system. From Manila, this is Jonason Head.
Rodrigo Duterte, a man dubbed by his rival as an executioner who would bring terror to the Philippines has won the presidency by a huge margin, polling nearly twice as many votes as his nearest challenger. But what he does with the job is less clear. His blunt promise to sweep away criminals and corrupt officials won him the backing of millions of Philippinoes weary of an ineffective governments. But he has so far offered few policy details, although the spokesman for him has already pledged a radical overhaul of the political system.
Britian has been warned that its international standing will be diminished if it chose to leave the European Union. In the letter to the Times Newspaper, 13 former US defence secretaries and foreign policy chiefs said Britian and Europe would lose influence in foreign policy and international trade. John Soaper reports.
The signatures to this letter have a 40 years being the pillars of American foreign policy, intelligence and defence communities. That they should come together like this, Republicans and Democrats, underlines the deep concern felt in the US establishment about the possibility of Britian leaving the EU. They say that the EU case placed influence in the world would be diminished and that Europe would be dangerously weakened. They also warned the special relationship with the US would not compensate for the loss of plat and influence that Britian would suffer if it left the EU.
A new report on the status of the world plants says that more than 2000 new species were discovered last year alone, including orchid, three meters tall. Here is Rebecca Merail.
This new stocktakes suggests that there are now 391,000 plants known to science, but there was that such as a cute garden say this maybe a faction of what's there. The report warns that one in five of all plant species is under threat, from vulnerable climate change, habitat loss or disease. the scientist also say there are now 5000 invasive species around the world including Plants like Japanese Nort Weed that putting native flora of risk.
Scientists in the United States are warning that the shortage of yello fever vaccine could spark a health security crisis and urging the world health organization to take emergent steps to prevent it. Two professors from Georgeton University say an outbreak of yello fever in Angola which has killed more than 250 people could spread to other countries. Earlier this year, the WHO reported a global yello fever vaccine shortage, saying the emergency stockpile is completely depleted.
World News from the BBC.
The primere of Alberta is described as a miracle for mass evacuation of the Canadian city ravaged by a vast wildfire. Rachel Notley was speaking of the visiting the oil town, Fort McMurray from which 88,000 residents eacaped last week. Laura Baker is there.
The fire has been brutal. Some of the neighborhood has been reduced to a mass of melted metal and blackened concrete. Only the foundations remain. Everything that maybe houses or home has gone. It's clear that he blaze has been unpredictable. In some parts the entire street has been destroyed and the next is untouched. But the city is still not safe. There are some idiots which are still smoldering and there is no power, water or gas.
Several large tornados have struck the US state of Oklahoma, killing at least two people. Trees were up-rooted and roofs ripped out of homes as violent winds and hails swept through the state. Local television station say many people are around accounted for.
North Korea has marked the end of a four-day congress of the ruling party with the spectacular mass parade in the capital Pyongyang. The country's leader, Kim Jeong-eun presided over the event as hunderds of thousands of people marched through the central square, wavering pink paper flowers and red party flags. John Sadiworth was there.
We just watch the extrodinary parade, thousands upon thousands of people passing the podium with the young North Korea leader Kim Jong Eun, chanting Wansui Wansui, long live Kim Jong Eun. The scenes we have seen today send a troubling signal for North Korea's neighbors. This is politics as religious devotion the very defenition of a mass mobilization and totallitarian in a fledging nuclear state.
That's the BBC News.
