 Hello, I am Marion Marshall with BBC news.
 The US front-runner for the Republican presidential nomination Donald Trump has launched a scathing attack on President Obama's foreign policy. It's his first major speech on international affairs. Mr Trump describes Mr Obama's strategy is reckless, rudderless, and aimless. Laura Becca reports from Washington.
 
The speech was delivered by a Donald Trump we don't see very often, toned down and tie to the words in the teleprompter, he sent a mixed message to US allies. Above all else he said they'd be left to defend themselves if they didn't pay their fair share and yet he also assured that US would be a reliable ally if he was president. The Republican front-runner is trying to calm the nerves of those who fear he doesn't have the experience or the temperament to be president.
 
The New York Times is reporting that the Democratic Party's trailing presidential aspirant Bernie Sanders, says he is planning to lay off hundreds of campaign staffers across the country. Mr Sanders said he would remain in the presidential race, through to the party's convention in July and could take on staffer again if his political fortunes improved.
 
The Austrian parliament has approved controversial measures to control the number of migrants crossing into the country. From Vienna, here is Bethony Bell.
 
The new asylum law is one of the toughest in Europe, the bill allows the government to declare state of emergency if migrant numbers suddenly rise and it gives the power to reject most of them at the border. Critics say the law goes against the principle of offering refugee from war and persecution. Tens of thousands of migrants have transited through Austria in recent months, and around 100000 have applied for asylum. Austria initially welcome refugees but it’s recently introduced much tougher measures.
 
The key suspect in November's terror attacks in Paris Salam Abdaslam has been charged with murder using bombs and weapons and association with terrorist group. He left the court in Paris under heavy arm guard. Salam Abdslam arrived in Paris this morning after been extradited from Belgium.
 
A BBC poll has found that about half of the people in countries across the world see themselves as global rather than national citizens. This trend is driven by emerging economies, such as Nigeria, China and India. While in industrialized countries, a majority see themselves as citizens of their own country. Niaomi Grimly reports.
 
Only 30% of German's question saw themselves as global citizens. That's the lowest figure there since 2001. Germany accepted more than a million refugees last year, but German respondents in the poll will less convinced about the case for taking in refugees than other European nationalities such as the British. Germans also appear to be more disapproving of marriages between different races.
 
World news from the BBC.
 
United Nation's special envoy for Syria Stephen O'Brien is briefing the security council on the peace process and hopes it set a date in May for another round of talks. The Syrian opposition cut short their participation in the previous round last week saying they would not return until more aid were sent to besieged towns.
 
The Iraqi government has ordered the satellite broadcasting network out to zero to close its Baghdad bureau and suspended journalists from reporting in the country. The authorities accused the broadcaster of breaking Iraqi Media guidelines which include restrictions on covering insurgent groups. Out to zero said they were shocked by the decision and denied any violations of professional standards.
 
A vigil has taken place in Liverpool for the 96 football fans killed in Britain's worst sporting disaster. The commemoration came a day after inquest concluded that the Liverpool supporters were unlawfully killed when they were crashed to death of the Hillce Stadium in 1989. Danny Savage sent this report from Liverpool.
 
On the huge banners bearing the words truth and justice, tens of thousands of Liverpudlian gathered on the sunny but cold evening to acknowledge the battle this city has won, every vantage point was taken, people perched on top of red telephone boxes, red scarfs were tied to lamp posts. During the ever long service, several people address the crowd including Magrette Asperno whose 18 year old son James died in the disaster. Mayor of Liverpool, Jone Anderson praised the determination shown by the heros' families.
 
Police in the US city Milwaukee have been given details of how a two year old boy accidentally shot and killed his mother. Batrice Price was shot once in the back while driving on the highway. Police say the gun has been left in the car by her boyfriend, a security guard.
 
BBC world service news.
