
This is the BBC news. Hello, I am Jonathan Izard.
A court in Norway has upheld a claim of inhumane treatment brought by the mass murderer Anesh Brawick who killed 77 people in a gun and bomb rampage five years ago. He had claimed that his detention and solitary confinement was a violation of European Convention on Human Right. Tom Christinson is a reporter with Norway's national broadcast NRK, he says many people are astonished by the verdict, The survivors from Utaya who were part of this massacre, they are shocked. The prosecutors say that they would appeal to next high court because they are very surprised. He has won over the government.
 
The United States supreme court has ruled that the frozen Iranian assets worth more than two billion dollars must be handed over to relatives of people killed in attacks blamed on groups backed by Teheran. More than 1000 Americans are affected by the decision which related mainly to the 1983 Hazbola bombing of Quess Murren barracks in Beirut, 241 Murrens were klled in the attack.
 
Russia has announced move designed to convince the governing body of World Dafletics, the IAAF that its athletes should be allowed to compete in the Rio Olympics later this year. The sports administer said all those intending to take part in the games must undergo three independent anti-doping tests in advance, this would be in addition to existing controls. Two foreign experts are also be granted full access to the Russian anti-doping agency in Moscow.
 
The first criminal charges has been filed in the US state of Michigan in connection with the contamination of the water supply with led in the city of Flint. Three officials have been charged with the offences including tempering with evidence, conspiracy and misconduct in office, Gary O'Donoghue reports.
 
In 2014, the city of Flint switched its water supply from Lake Huron to the local Flint river, in a money saving exercise. Immediately, residents began complainning the quality, it took 18 months for the Michigan authorities to acknowlege the problems, leading to accusations that residents of Flint were ignored, because they are largely poor and black. But state and local officials face a number of investigations. And Michigan's attorney general Bill Shuety, has promised to leave no stone unturned and more charges are expected shortly.
 
An escaped slave who freed hundreds of people from bondage is to be the face of redesigned 20 dollar bill in US. James Cook has the details.
 
Harriet Tubman was an American hero, a former slave who braved pedals to help hundreds of others to folow her path to freedom, at first be a secret network known as the underground railroad, and then as the union spy in the civil war. After the war, Ms Tubman who struggled in poverty into her end of life fought for women suffrage. She replaces the slave owning president Andrew Jackson on the front of the 20 dollar bill although he will continue to feature on the back.
 
World news from the BBC.
 
Peace talks aimed at ending the conflict in Yemen are due to start in Kuwait on Thursday. The UN bokered talk has been expected to start on Monday but were delayed when the Houthi Rebels failed to appear,angry about this side work cease fire violations.
 
The United Nations has began to evacuate hundreds of wounded or sick people in their families from four besieged Syrian towns. Two of the towns Sadani and Madaya have been blocaded by pro-government forces. The others Alfua and Kefaria in Idlib province are surrounded by Islamist Rebel groups.
 
The governmnent of El Salvador says it has deployed a new heavy-armed unit to fight the country's mantarious criminal gangs which too started operating in rural areas. The special force of thousands of soldiers and police will operate with helicopters and cars and soft wings. The minister of defence says they will target about 100 gang leaders who had left the cities because of government raze. El Salvador has one of the highest murder rate in the world.
 
The United States has become the latest country to open a criminal investigation into the leak of Panama papers. It's emerged that a New York district attorney has asked to discuss the documents with the consortium or journalist which disclosed them. The leaked documents have revailed the existence of offshore companies set up by a number of rich and powerful people including several international leaders.
 
Queen Elizabeth is celebrating her 90th birthday on Thursday. Three photographs of the Monarch taken by Anney Liberfeith have been released to mark the occasion. Our royal correspondent Peter Hunt reports.
 
After celebrating, her silver, goden and diamondgelese the now 90 year old longest running monarch in British History who go and walk about in Windsor and light a beacon. As she enters her 10th decade, Buckingham Palace has released three pictures taken by the American photigrapher Annie Leibovitz, the Queen captured with her Corgis, with her daughter Ann and with two of her grandchildren and her five great grandchildren.
 
BBC news.
