
 Voters in New York are taking part in presidential primaries seen as key for both front runners after recent setbacks. The Democratic Party hopeful Hillary Clinton, former senator for New York, is expected to beat Bernie Sanders. Mrs. Clinton spoke to reporters after casting her votes. I am so excited about both campaigning here in New York, voting here in New York, and I love New York, and this's been a joy. For the Republicans, Donald Trump is expected to easily defeat his closest rival Ted Cruz. After casting his ballot in Manhattan, the republican front-runner sounded buoyant. It is a proud moment, it is a great moment, and it is just an honor and my whole reason for doing this is to make America great again. Both Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump hoped their successive victories in New York will help them regain momentum and overcome criticism of the strength of their campaigns.
The United Nations general assembly is meeting to rethink the global strategy in the war on drugs for the first time in almost two decades. Delegates are considering whether to move away from heavy handed law enforcement and criminalization towards more liberal approach. In his speech to the UN assembly, the Mexican president Enrique Penia Nieto said that he was open to allowing these of drugs, such as marijuana, for medical and scientific purposes.
 
Talks in Geneva to end the war in Syria have suffered another setback after lethal air strikes the mainly rebel held province of Idlib. Reports say that the government and Russian airstrikes hit a vegetable market in Maarat al-Numan killing at least 40 people. In response, the main Syrian opposition group confirmed they would pull out of the talks.
 
The original leader of the Cuban Revolution Fidel Castro has made a rare speech on a final day of the Cuban Communist Party's Congress. The 89-year old former president made references to his old age and defended his communist legacy. His 84-year old brother Raul Castro, who was confirmed as the country’s communist party chief for further five years, told congress he would be the last one headed by the current generation. Because of the relentless law of life, this 7th congress will be the last one led by the historic generation who will present the new pioneers with the flags of the revolutionand socialism.
 
A US Federal Judge has approved a settlement on police reform between the justice department and the city of Ferguson in Missouri. The settlement stems from the 2014 fatal shooting by a police officer of Michael Brown and an unarmed black teenager. And investigation found alarming racial bias in police in Ferguson and threaten to sue to the city after its council rejected recommendations for reform. To avoid a legal battle, a settlement was reached. World News from the BBC.
 
A suicide bomb and gun attack by Taliban militants in Kabul has killed 28 people and injured more than 300. General David Barno, a former commander of US and coalition forces in Afghanistan, says the attackers exposed troubling vulnerabilities in the Afghan capital's security apparatus. What's really disturbing, though, is that they found a way to wheedle their way through the Afghan wary and intense security around the capital that actually watches attack against one of the most important parts of the government, part of the intelligence director did actually is responsible for VIP's security. So that's disturbing.
 
The United States has expressed its deep disappointment to the failure of South Sudan's rebel leader Riek Machar to return to the capital Juba as part of a peace deal. The State Department said Mr. Machar's decision had placed the people of South Sudan at risk of further conflict and suffering. He was supposed to take up his post as vice president in a new unity government.
 
Utah has declared pornography a public health hazard, the first US state to do so. The bill doesn't ban pornography, but calls for greater efforts to prevent its exposure and addiction. The Republican governor of Utah Gary Herbert said the bill was designed to protect families and young children.
 
A message in a bottle that was thrown into the sea of Plymouth more than a century ago and picked up on a German island last year has been confirmed as the oldest ever found. Guinness World Records say it was a part of 1907 experiment to track ocean movements. Guy Baker, from the Marine Biological Association, says it may not have much scientific use, but it's significant. To hold it in our hand and know it has been floating around for over a century and that was always clearly what enough designed to take anything and all seek through it. It's really exciting. It's a link with the science of that era that when marine biology was developing. Guy Baker. BBC news.
