 In a feisty televised debate, the U.S. Democratic presidential contenders, Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, have clashed on issues as diverse as Wall Street banks, gun control and the minimum wage. The debate comes five days before delegate-rich New York State holds its primary. From the city of New York, Nick Byrant. The Brooklyn-born Senator questioned his rival's judgement for supporting the Iraq War, and also for her ties with Wall Street. The former Secretary of State hit back over his claim she's unqualified to be President. I've been called a lot of things in my life. That was a first. Hillary Clinton has lost seven of the last eight contest. Though still the strong front-runner, she could do with a victory in the state she used to serve as Senator.
 
The Supreme Court in Brazil has rejected a government’s request to suspend the vote in the national congress and whether to impeach President Dilma Rousseff. Mrs. Rousseff has been accused of massaging the budget figures before elections in 2014. She’s denied the allegations.
 
An attempt by North Korea to launch a missile tomorrow, the birthday of the country's founder, Kim II-Sung has failed. The South Korea news agency has report the launch of the east coast of the north had involved intermediate range ballistic missile. Steven Evens is monitoring events in Seoul. Intermediate range missiles have manuveured on the ground in North Korea. And these had a longer ranger range than the previous missiles, their range maybe as far as Guam, the US base on the island in the Pacific. The tests seem to failed but it indicates or it would indicate that Kim Jung Eun is anxious to test longer and longer range missiles.
 
At least nine people were killed in the strong earthquake which strikes southern Japan on Thursday. Most of the victims came from the town of Mashiki where apartment buildings collapsed and many houses were damaged. Nationwide more than 40,000 people had to leave their homes but some are now returning despite frequent aftershocks. The Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said the government had mobilized police, firefighters, and troops for rescue operations. World news from the BBC.
 
A judge in the US state of Connecticut has ruled that a court case against the manufacturer of the weapon used in the Sandy Hook school shootings can go ahead. Twenty school children and six teachers were killed when Adam Lanza opened fire in December, 2012 with the semi-automatic rifle bought by his mother.
 
Latest figures published in Beijing show China's economy grew by 6.7% in the first quarter of the year, the lowest rate of expansion since the depth of the financial crisis in 2009. But the figure was in line with the Chinese government growth target, and was forecasted by analysts. Steven McDonald reports from Beijing. Over production, company debt and a cooling local housing market all taking their toll on the world second largest economy. Chinese policymakers are trying to manage a gradual slow down with minimal social disruption. This involves shifting millions of workers out of the steel, coal and other heavy industries. The government is pinning its hopes on expansions in services and consumption, yet some critics claim China's real GDP growth is much lower than the official statistics would suggest.
 
Human Rights groups are urging the government of Australia to do more to cut the number of aborigines going to prison. Aborigines make up 27% of the present population are figured that is nearly doubled of the past 25 years. This is in spite of the report from the 1991, in which government are appointed commission called for sweeping reforms to improve the plight of aborigines in jail.
 
The Formula I driver Fernando Alonso has been cleared to drive in this week's Chinese ground pray just four weeks after surviving a spectacular crush. The spaniard sustained fractured ribs when his McLaurin car flipped over twice before slamming into a barrier during the Australian ground pray last month. Alonso said this was the biggest crash of his career. BBC news.
 
