 Hello,I'm Justin Green with the BBC news.
 
Panama has decided to set up a special commission in the aftermath of the leak of millions of documents from the law firm Mossack Fonseca. Panama's government reacted angrily earlier this week when the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development criticised it for failing to clean up its tax system.The announcement was made in a televsied address by president Juan Carlos Varela.
 
The government of Panama through foreign office will create independent committee of national and international experts to look at a standard practice and propose measures which we will share with other countries to help increase the transparency of the illegal financial system. We will not only work within our own country but also to benefit the rest of the world.
 
The French parliament has voted for a new law, making it illegal to pay for sexes. The move will affect an estimated 13,000 sex workers that will treat them as victims rather than as criminals. Anyone caught buying the services of a sex worker could now be fined up to 1500 euros for first offense.A MP who supported the bill said the aim was to protect prostitutes who want to leave the profession. She said that it was important that people using prostitutes knew they were part of.
 
We have to explain to people that they are not innocent, they're not innocent if they're buying sex. I woule like people to think a little bit about where our money is going. It's going to criminal networks and to pimps.
 
The president of Sudan Omar al-Bashir has said he will step down after 31 years in power when his current mandate ends. Thoma Fess spoke to the president in the Sudanese capital Khartoum.
 
President told me this would be his last term and he would not run again for office in 2020. Sceptics would say that he had already pledged to step down in the past and later went back on his words. Wanted by the International Criminal Court on multiple counts of genocide, war crimes and crimes against huamanity, al-Bashir denied recent reports of abuses alledgedly carried out by government forces in the Jebel Marra area of Darfur. The UN says more than 100,000 people had been displaced since the start of a military offensive there earlier this year.
 
The Cyprus authorities have agreed to a request from Egypt to extradite a man accused of hijacking a flight to Cyprus last week. Seif al-Din Mohamed Mostafa, an Egyptian citizen, was arrested after a tense standoff at the Larnaca Airport after he forced the Egypt air flight to land there. He claimed to be wearing an explosive belt but later to be proved fake. He said he wanted to get to the island to see his ex-wife. Officials have said he is psychologically unstable.
 
You're listening to the latest world news from the BBC.
 
The White House says president Obama has phoned the leader of Myanmar's governing party Aung San Suu Kyi. The US president commended her efforts often made at a great personal cost for a peaceful transition of power to an elected government. Aung San Suu Kyi is banned from becoming the president and is reported to be facing continuing limits on her official role. President Obama also spoke to the new president Htin Kyaw.
 
Parliament in Vietnam has approved the promotion of the deputy prime minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc to the post of prime minister. It comes a day after the former head of government, the reformist, stepped down. He'd lost a fierce leadership battle during the communist party's congress in January.
 
A judge in New York has dismissed the appeal by the singer Kesha in a case against Sony Music and the producer Dr. Luke who shared accuse of raping her. The singer said she was forced into slavery by an early court decision which did not release her contract with Dr. Luke. The judge in New York ruled that Kesha will be sufficiently insolated from Dr. Luke while she continued to record for Sony Music. Jutice Shirley Kornreich also criticised Kesha for claiming that the alledged abuse was a hate crime.
 
An anonymous bidder has paid almost 400000 dollars at auction in New York for the chair the British author JK Rowling used when she wrote her first two Harry Potter novel. From New York, here is Nick Byrant.
 
The 1930's chair was a comfiest-to-fall given to JK Rowling to help furnish her council flat in Edinburgh, during her years, she is a struggling author. Painted on it the gold letters of the words I wrote Harry Potter while sitting on this chair when she donated it to a charity auction more than a decade ago. It came with a signed letter explaining my nostalgic side is quite sad to see it go, but my back isn't. Nick Bryant reporting from New York.
 
And that's the latest BBC news.
