 Hello, I'm Sue Montgomery with the BBC news.
 
Cyprus says it has agreed to an Egyptian request to extradite Seif al-Din Mohamed Mostafa, an Egyptian national accused of hijacking an Egypt air flight to the island last week. Aileen Young reports.
 
The suspect identified as Seif al-Din Mohamed Mostafa surrendered last week after hijacking a domestic fight with 72 people on board. He's accused of using a fake suicide belt to seize the Alexandria to Cairo fight and force it to land in Cyprus. All passengers and crew were eventually released unharmed and Mohamed Mostafa was peacefully arrested. Cypriot officials have said he is psychologically unstable and had no political motive. The legal process has now begun to extradite him back to Egypt.
 
A law student who criticized religious extremism online has been murdered in the Bangladeshi capital Dhaka, the latest of a number of secular activists to be killed there. CS reports.
 
Police say Nazimuddin Samad was attacked at a traffic intersection in Old Dhaka on Wednesday evening but they haven't said who's the suspect carrying out the attack. The 28-year-old was reported to be an organizer of Ganajagran Manch, a secular campaigning group and he posted 'I have no religion on his Facebook profile'. But he also wrote a post protesting against the recent murder of a 19-year-old woman in a high-security military area and once criticizing the party Awami League he supported for not adopting a secular constitution.
 
Angola has asked the International Monetary Fund for financial assistance. The country has been hit hard by the decline in oil prices. Here is our economic correspondent Andrew Walker.
 
Oil accounts for more than 95 percent of Angola's exports and more than two thirds of government revenue. International oil prices are now well below half the level it reached in mid 2014. So Angola is seeking financial assistance. And negotiation is due to begin later this month. The IMF says it's ready to help Angola to address its economic challenges.''
 
World news from the BBC.
 
Further pressure is building for the impeachment of the Brazilian president Dilma Rousseff who is accused of misrepresenting the extent of budget shortfalls during her reelection campaign in 2014. The representative for a special congressional impeachment commission Jovair Arantes has delivered a report saying he had concluded there was legal basis in the case against the president. His view is non-binding on the commission.
 
Exit polls in a Dutch referendum on a EU treaty with Ukraine indicates there has been an overwhelming rejection of the plan 64 against 36 percent. Anna Holligan reports.
 
This was a non-binding referendum and yet the Dutch government is already under pressure to consider the results. It's too soon to predict what impact, if any, the results will have in the Netherland's ratification of a free-trade deal which has already been signed and sealed by all 27 other EU member states. The fact that two thirds of the Dutch electorate did not show up to cast their vote is also significant reflecting either apathy or an effort to keep the turnout below the required threshold.
 
The governor of Florida in southern United States has revoked a ban on cohabitation that had been enforced for 140 years. The ban, rarely enforced in modern times, made it a crime for unmarried couples to live together, punishable by a fine of up to 500 dollars and as much as 60 days in jail.
 
One of America's most popular country music singers Merle Haggard has died. He was 79, passed away from pneumonia on his birthday. Merle Haggard served a prison sentence before launching a career that lasted 6 decades. He's credited with helping create the twangy Bakersfield country sound which became so influential. His hits included Mama Tried.
 
BBC news.
