
I sat down with our correspondent Nick where we took a look and had a taste of the new and old Toblerone bars.
Well, we’ll compare and contrast cuz it’s got two Toblerone bars here. This is old styled Toblerone and it’s triangular in shape. It comes in this very distinctive cream and red and gold packaging. And the bar, the chocolate bar is a single bar but it’s shaped like a series of triangles and you break each one off. So it’s often quite difficult to break off. The new bar, we have one here, has the same basic shape. The shape is the same. The size of the packaging is the same, but you get more air and less chocolate for your money.
This is causing something of a stir, it is fair to say. Why has this development happened?
Well, it’s happened because the makers of Toblerone say costs are rising. They are having to pay more for the ingredients. This is one way of keeping the packaging the same, keeping price down. Of course, it’s met with a pretty negative reaction because they think it looks silly. One person said, it looks actually like a kind of knockoff version as if somebody has tried to copy Toblerone and not done it terribly well.
Now, is this a Brexit thing？ People have suggested that it might be to do with the value of the pound going down.
Yeah, this is because one of the explanations is that, for the changes, that the cost of ingredients is going up. A Toblerone spokeswoman says, no, cost is going up but they are going up generally.
Is this a publicity stunt because we are all talking about Toblerone and it’s trending on social media.
Well, yes we are talking about it. It’s a publicity stunt. It’s is a very effective way, isn’t it? Who knows? I suspect probably not. But somebody in Toberone’s marketing publicity department may have said, look, if this all goes terribly wrong, at least we’ll get a lot of coverage for it. I may say actually personally as an occasional buyer of Toblerone that the one advantage of the new version is you can actually get your fingers in between the triangles to break it off. The problem with the old one, a lot of people would have said this that actually it’s quite difficult to break off a slice. 
