I'm Stewart Macintosh with the BBC news.
Hello.Just hours after saying that women who have a termination should be published if abortion is recriminalized in the United States, the Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump has changed his position. In a statement, he now says the doctor performing the abortion should be held legally responsible, not the women. From Washington, Gary O'Donoghue reports.
Donald Trump has travelled some distance on abortion. Once a supporter of abortion rights, he now favors a ban with only limited exceptions for rape, incest, and when a woman's life is in danger. That does not put him outside the Republican mainstream. But it's his views on what should happen to women who had abortions were they to become illegal that have caused confusion. At first, he said they should be punished. Now he says the women would be victims and the doctors would be responsible.
Gunfire has been heard across the Libyan capital Tripoli following the arrival by Fayez al-Sarraj, the prime minister of the new UN-backed unity government along with other officials. They faced opposition from those controlling the city who called their arrival an attempted coup. Dr Guma al Gamaty, a member of the UN-chaired body that created the government led by Mr Sarraj said the armed groups had now given up.
We have had very good news that the small groups of militias who were opposing this government of national accord have more or less given up and they have withdrawn from the capital Tripoli and there will be a general acceptance of the government that has arrived in Tripoli in the form of peaceful demonstrations and rallies. Cities and towns are welcoming this government of national accord.

From the very start, we have made it clear to the ELN, just as we did with the FARC, that the agenda to end the war does not include negotiations on our economic or political system, nor on the rule of private property. Much less, it used to relate to military doctrine or our security forces.
You're listening to the latest world news. It's coming to you from the BBC.
A former Rwandan government minister has died in prison in Burundi four months after he was arrested there on suspicion of spying. Rwanda says that Jacques Bihozagara was being held illegally and the country's ambassador in Belgium called the death an assassination. Inmates of the jail where he was being held said he appeared to be in good health and he died within minutes of being taken to the prison hospital after he felt ill.
A new report released by the human rights group Amnesty International says migrant workers employed on construction sites for the 2022 Football World Cup in Qatar are facing systematic abuse that sometimes amount to forced labour. Human rights groups have previously raised serious concerns about working conditions in Qatar but this is the first time the alleged abuses have been directly linked to work on a world cup venue. Amnesty's general secretary Salil Shetty says he believes Qatar is unfit to host the world cup.
We're looking at from migrant workers abuse point of view and currently it's totally unfit. There is no question about it. You can not have a major sporting event, like the world cup, the world's largest sporting event, happening based and completely built on labor exploitation. That's simply unacceptable.
Human rights groups in Mexico have criticized a military court ruling that acquitted 6 out of 7 soldiers who are accused of taking part in killing 22 people in an operation against suspected criminals in the town of Tlatlaya in 2014. The ruling due in October last year is only now being made public after a bereaved mother challenged the lack of transparency in the case.
The disgraced South Africa athlete Oscar Pistorius has been told he'll be sentenced in June for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steeinkamp in February 2013. Former Olympic and Paralympic athlete could face up to 15 years in prison. Earlier this month, he was denied the right to appeal against his murder conviction.
BBC news.
