Hello, I'm Neil Nunes with the BBC news.
Belgian prosecutors have confirmed that they have identified two of the four men who carried out Tuesday's suicide attacks in Brussels. The identified men are Belgian citizens and brothers Khalid and Brahim Bakraoui. From Brussels, here is Chris Morris.
Khalid El Bakraoui blew himself up in a crowded carriage at Maelbeek metro station. His brother Brahim set off an explosion at the airport. Another unidentified bomber also died at the airport while a third man ran from the scene, leaving a huge bomb behind. A clear link is being established between the Paris and Brussels attacks. The attacks are not just the work of isolated cells, it would have appeared, but of a network of violent militants based in Europe who will be trying to strike again.
The Turkish president says one of the Brussels suicide bombers had been deported from Turkey to the Netherlands last year. Recep Tayyip Erdogan said the Belgian and Dutch authorities had been informed of this but the Belgium had ignored Turky's warning.
One of the Brussels attackers was caught in Gaziantep in June 2015 and was deported. We informed the Belgium embassy with a diplomatic note about the deportation on July 14th, 2015. The Belgian authorities released the attacker. Belgian justice minister said the man had only been known as a common criminal on parole, not a terrorism suspect.

We previously declassified thousands of records from that era, but for the first time now we'll declassify military and intelligence records as well. On this anniversary and beyond , we're absolutely determined to do our part as Argentina continues to heal and move forward as one nation. And I hope this gesture also helps to rebuild trust that may have been lost between our two countries.
The authorities in United States say a Chinese citizen has pleaded guilty to trying to steal sensitive military information and send it to China. The US Department of Justice said Su Bin had conspired to hack the networks of defense contractors to steal data but could have compromised the safety of military personnel.
World news from the BBC.
United Nations says the warring parties in the Yemen conflict have agreed on a ceasefire to start on April 10th. Peace talks are scheduled to start in Kuwait eight days later. The UN special envoy to Yemen said the new truce and talks were the last chance of ending the war. It's estimated that the conflict has killed 6000 people.
Poland's rightwing government says it won't accept any migrants as part of an EU relocation program because of Tuesday's attacks in Belgium. warsaw had agreed to take part in the program but the prime minister Beata Szyd?o said that the government may have to look after the security of its citizens. He alledged there were terrorists among the migrants.
The UN Human Rights Council is to create an expert group to explore ways to hold North Korea's government to account for huamn rights abuses in the country. Counsellor adopted a resolution saying that experts should recommend practical ways to secure justice for the victims of alledged crimes against huamanity in North Korea.Pyongyang has dismissed the move as politically motivated.
An opinion poll has suggested that Pope Francis is more popular than any politician. Around 1000 people were questioned in 64 countries by WIN/Gallup International. Our religious affairs correspondent Caroline Wyatt has more details.
Just over 3 years since becoming Pope, Francis has enjoyed enormous goodwill and positive PR around globe. He has won hearts and minds not just those of Roman Catholics but also those of people from other religions and the non-religous. Just a half of protestants across the continents view him favorably , as well as a silimliar proportion of atheists and agnostics although he's most polular with Roman Catholics and Jews. The Argentinian born Pope is most pupolar in Latin America, North America and the European Union, particularly in Portugal and Italy.
BBC news
