Police are conducting a massive operation across Belgium following the attacks at the main airport in Brussels and at a metro station. More than 30 people died in 3 blasts. 250 others were wounded. Security officials have released images of a man wanted in connection with the explosions at the airport. He is seen along with two other men who a prosecutor said had been blown themselves up. Local media are reporting that they were driven to the airport from the suburb of Schaerbeek from where Anna Holligan now reports. What we have seen here is a big operation focusing on an apartment or some kind of building down this road. We've heard reports from the Belgium prosecutors today confirmation that during the course of the raids, they found chemicals, they found an explosive device that contains nails among other things. The threat level across the country has been raised to maximum and extra troops have been deployed in Brussels. Belgium has declared three days of national mourning and a minute's silence for victims of the attack will be held at midday on Wednesday. The monarch, king Philippe, called the attacks a cowardly and odious assault. His Prime minsiter Charles Michel said Belgium would not be coward and he joined hundreds of people carrying candles and flowers who gathered as night fell in the Place de la Bourse, a square in the ancient heart of Brussels. Our correspondent Gavin Lee attended the vigil. It's late afternoon here in Brussels and most of the streets in some of the main tourist areas are very quiet tonight. But at one part by the Bourse, the old stock exchange of pedestrianised area is full of hundreds of people who've spontaneously gathered. They are writing, chalking on the ground messages of peace as a big flag being held up saying just we Brussels. And it's very particularlly belgian way of paying tribute. There are many trappist Belgium beer bottles with flowers and candles all round.

The security forces in Turkey say they have captured 10 suspected IS militants trying to cross the border from Syria. The army said one of them was bringing a suicide belt that was primed to explode. The arrest comes three days after a bomb attack in Istanbul.
The Ivorian authorities say they have arrested 15 people in connection with a IS attack on the beach resort of Grand Bassam earlier this month. The authorities also released a photo of a man who they believe to be the ringleader. Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghtreb said it carried out the attack in which 19 people were killed.
A Supreme Court judge in Brazil has rejected an appeal by the government to overturn a decision banning the former president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva from joining the cabinet. The post would make it harder to prosecute him in relation to a wide-ranging corruption scandal. Earlier, president Dilma Rousseff said that impeachment proceedings against her amounts to both a personal attack and an attack on Brazilian democracy. Those who call on me to resign show the fragility of their conviction of the process of impeachment becasue above all they are trying to instate a coup d'etat against our democracy. I can assure you that I will not cooperate with this. I will not resign for any reason whatsoever. Meanwhile, Brazilian police have carried out more than 100 raids at offices of Odebrecht, Latin America's biggest engineering firm as part of an ongoing corruption investigation at the state-run oil company Petrobras.
Police in the United States say the mother of a four-year old boy who shot her as they were driving should be prosecuted. Jamie Gilt has placed her loaded handgun underneath her seat. But during the journey, it slid into the back where the boy picked it up and fired it into her seat, hitting her in the back. All are the latest stories from BBC world news.
