
BBC News with Jonathan Izard.
The Senegalese army says West African forces will take action at midnight in the Gambia unless President Yahya Jammeh agrees to hand power to the winner of last month’s selection Adama Barrow. A military spokesman said Senegalese troops have moved to the Gambian border. Mr. Jammeh has refused to accept the result of the poll.
Russia says its military aircraft have joined Turkish planes to attack Islamic State militants in northern Syria. But the Turkish authorities have been less forthright, saying only that Russian air raids have been carried out in coordination with Turkey.
Global temperatures for the past 12 months reached a record high for the third year in a row. Experts attribute the rise to an increase in manmade greenhouse gases and the weather phenomenon known as El Nino. All but one of the 16 hottest years on record have occurred in this century.
Two of the biggest investment banks in the city of London have said they’ll move some of their staff out of the UK when it leaves the European Union. HSBC has confirmed plans to transfer to Paris 1,000 workers who generate about a fifth of the bank’s European revenue.
The former U.S. President George Bush Senior, who’s been in hospital since Saturday, has been moved to intensive care. He’s said to be in a stable condition after being treated for pneumonia. Mr. Bush is 92.
The Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos says former peace talks with the country’s second largest member group, the ELN, will begin next month. He said the rebels had agreed to free a former congressman they’ve been holding since April.
The reigning champion of Asia’s top club football competition have been banned from this year’s contest because of match fixing. The South Korean side, Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors, have been excluded from the Asian Champions League.
And an international study of the world’s primates has found that 60% of species are frightened with extinction. The research suggests that without urgent action many types of primate will disappear within 25 years.
BBC News.
