
Police in Uganda say 55 people have been killed in clashes between the security forces and the new armed group fighting to create a separate state in the west of the country. They’ve arrested a local tribal king. Charles Wesley Mumbere, known as the king of Rwenzururu is accused of inciting violence after militiamen reportedly attacked a police post in his hometown of Kasese. Our correspondent in Kampala Katherine gave me more details.
What the security forces say is that they believe that the king’s guards, they are called royal guards, have been training members of the local population to stage a sort of rebellion that would create a new state in the far west of Uganda, close to the border with the Democratic Republic of Congo. So today there was an effective standoff between the king and the police and army. They were asking him to get rid of his royal guards. The police say that he refused to do this. And even the president himself Yoweri Museveni had rang the king to ask him to get these men and women to leave his palace. Once the police felt that their orders were not going to be followed, they then stormed the palace. A heavy firefight followed. The king was extracted and he’s been brought to the capital Kampala. We understand several people were arrested and some were injured but we don’t have specific figures at the moment.
And what about the militia itself behind some of these violence? What do we know about them?
Well, what we do know is that there has been a growing movement within this tribe which is present in Uganda but also in bigger numbers in the east of the Democratic Republic of Congo. There’ve been calls for the creation of a republic which should be an autonomous state in this region. The president has been to the region and told the community that this is not a possibility; it’s not going to happen. And so what the authorities are telling us today is that this armed group is fighting to create the state.
And how big of an area are we talking about?
Well, this is an area that covers at least three districts in Uganda. According to the kingdom and according to their website, they say that the population of this kingdom is up to a million people in Uganda.
