
A recently discovered fossil has given scientists an insight into creatures that flourished just before the mass extinction of the dinosaurs. The bird like animal was discovered on a Chinese building site. Dr. Steven is from the University of Edinburgh.
This is one of the last surviving dinosaurs of all, the last few million years of dinosaurs. And it’s part of this group that was flourishing during this time. They were the last group of dinosaurs that went through a big wave of diversification.
I heard more from our science correspondent Victoria Gill.
It has a lovely story in terms of how it was found actually. It’s called ”muddy dragon on the roads to heaven”. And that’s apparently because it was mired in the mud when it was stuck 72 million years ago. And it died there, very sadly for the dinosaur, but that means that when that mud turned to rock, it was preserved. But when it was found which was actually on a construction site by a construction team who were building a high school, they were dynamiting at the time that they noticed the fossil but apparently, spotted it just before they blew it into oblivion. So luckily for science it was discovered rather than blasted away.
Yeah, and following that discovery, what has it told us?
So it’s an oviraptorosaur and which is a bird like dinosaur right from the end of the age of dinosaurs. And what’s interesting about this is that these very strange looking, beaked, crest headed, strange feathered dinosaurs were very close relatives of modern birds. So this is basically a snapshot of what dinosaurs looked like before that evolutionary trajectory started. It’s right the end of the age of dinosaurs. It’s these weird winged creatures that used to be very mysterious but with these fossil beds in southern China that have been excavated now and with finds in North America as well, we are finding out more and more about what they looked like, how they would have lived and what the world would have looked like at that time right at the end of the cretaceous period.
And briefly do we know why they evolved there?
We know that there was a big diversification done in dinosaurs and these were mysterious beasts that seemed to have started off on that journey. But we don’t really know why at that particular point they evolved except that they were eating very different things from their relatives. They had a very omnivorous diet and were eating small creatures and insects as well, so much more of a bird diet. So building up a picture that will tell us much more about what that world would have looked like and how that evolutionary journey started.
Victoria Gill.
The singer Kate Bush has revealed she was terrified returning to the stage for her sellout comeback in 2014 more than three decades after she’d last perform live. In her first broadcast interview for five years, the reclusive star also said she hadn’t written any new songs for ages.
